21stApril
Chennai
Status- Rejected ❌

Univ: Indiana institute of technology
VO:he is American guy counter no 27

Vo:pass me your passport
Me:good morning sir how are you doing
Vo:good
Me:passed passport
Vo:pass me your i20
Vo:how do you know about this university
Me:I done my research and also took guidance from senior faculty from my previous college .
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo:interrupted what’s your higher education qualification
Me:Mba
Vo: so you already completed masters why are you doing masters again
Me : sir the current masters which I’m applying for is relevant to my current line of work by doing this I will gain much more knowledge in the field of o

Fall intake
21 April
Chennai(1st attempt)
Slot Time : 8am
Status : APPROVED✅

Counter : 31

Vo: good morning
Me: good morning mam
Vo : which visa?
Me: F1 mam
Vo: please show me I20, PASSPORT, SEVIS
me: showed
Vo: Which university
Me: University of Houston
Vo : Is it clear lake?
Me: No mam, It's main campus
Vo : ok good, when did u completed bachelors
Me: April 2021
VO : Bachelor's course?
Me: ECE
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: MS in?
Me: Engineering Data science
Vo: what about financial documents
Me: My father is sponsoring me
And I have taken loan of 25L , Savings 21L and immovable assests of 1cr and also I got scholarship of 1000$
Vo: please show me loan documents
Me : showed
Vo: ok please put your right fingers
Vo: Your visa is approved
Me: Thank you mam
@f1interviewreviews


Visa exp:
Fall 2021 (chennai)
20 Apr
Approved ✅

Me: Good morning sir, how's your day so far?

Vo: pretty great..

Vo: So you're going to Oklahoma State University
Me: yes sir

Vo: why Oklahoma State
Me: due to the curriculum sir, it offers wide variety such as bigdata and ml which I'm interested in
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: who's 'xxxx'(dad's name in i20)
Me : my Father sir.

Vo: when have you graduated?
Me: 2020 sir

Vo : are you working since?
Me: yes sir, I'm doing an internship since 9 months

Vo: which company?
Me: xxxx it's a start-up sir. It has subsidiaries in multiple countries.

Vo: have you taken any loan?
Me: yes sir, 28.9 lakhs

Vo: given an opportunity which company would you prefer to work?
Me: Google

Vo: Nice choice,
Place your left hand on the scanner,
I'm approving your visa
Vo: thank you so much sir
@f1interviewreviews


Fall intake
19 April
Chennai(1st Attempt)
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ:Umkc
Counter no.28

Vo:I thought ur going to L1 and h1
Me:No I am going for master f1
Vo: When ur graduate?
Me:2010
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo:which background
me:Mechanical engineering
Vo:Y now
Me:I have experience but I dnt have master to grow my career so now I need it
Vo:who is sponsoring ur visa
Me:My parents and I have savings 20 lacs and for safeside I have education loan and we have some property
Vo:Can u show ur loan document
Me:yes maan here it is
Vo:Place ur fingers
Vo.we will send ur passport to concern address I am approving ur visa
Me:thank you may almighty shows gress on me always
@f1interviewreviews


20 April
Chennai
Slot Time: 08:00 AM
Status-APPROVED ✅

University-UCM
VO is in his late 20s or early 30s.

Me: Good morning officer
VO: give your passport
Me: ok and given
VO: I20 please
Me: given
VO: what does your parents do?
Me: My father is a state govt employee and my mother is house wife
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: how much he earns?
Me: x.x LPA
VO: any siblings?
Me: I do have a sister and she got married 4 years back
VO: why are going for master so late?
Me: we had financial crisis after under graduation. Now we have earned and saved enough money for my living expenses and tuition fee
VO: since how long you been with infosys?

Me: 5.7 years.
VO: do you have any scholarships?
Me: i have enquired but I didn’t find any to apply. So program coordinator informed me that they will provide scholarship option in August to apply.

VO: can you name them? how much value it may be?
Me: I don’t remember the names but if I get, it can be around 1000-2000 dollars.
VO: what is your undergraduate GPA?
Me: its 82% which is equivalent to 3.85 as per iGPA calculator
VO: Congratulations, your visa has been accepted. You can collect it in 3 days.
Me: Thank you!
@f1interviewreviews

9th March (6th attempt)
Chennai
Status- APPROVED ✅

Univ - UMKC
VO IS A BALD GUY
age: 50 to 55

Me:Good morning officer
Vo: Good morning and pass me ur pp and sevis
Me: yeah sure here you go and I hope you and your family is good in this pandemic condition

Vo; yeah good thank you very much with big smile and told I hope your family also good
Me: yeah good thanks you officer and may I tell u something officer

Vo: No I want to check ur previous attempt comments please wait

Vo looking on a screen for 4 minutes...

VO:Which uni are u going to??
me: iam going to pursue my master's in umkc

Vo:Why u choose only umkc for masters?
Me:  to be honest, I did little research about umkc in web and I got positive reviews from all the sources like linked in profiles of proffesors who are doing research on network communication and data communication which is area of my interest....stoped and skip to next question

Vo:What are ur other admits u got?
Me: cleveland state University and newyork institute of technology

Vo:What r u doing right now?
I worked as RF DT engineer and resigned my job and started preparing for gre,TOEFL to get admission from us universities
Vo:U want to  tell me some thing?
Yes ,Go on
Me:In my attempts I didn't give my best to convince vo and I was unable to answer expectations of vo....
Vo:please stop!!!  I don't care about ur previous attempts.
Me:Sorry officer just iam telling you that iam confident about my prof and my prof suits all the requirements like good GRE score and admits from ranking universities and I will prove myself iam an eligible candidate for F1 visa.
Vo:What's ur GRE score??
Me: 310
Vo:Is this is first time to us?
Me:Yes this is my first time to visit us from my family and friends.
Vo:Who is going to repay your education fees??
Me: my father is sponsoring me for my education and  i have secured education loan of 20 lakhs from sbi and also we have savings of 25 lakhs in my account & asserts worthy 2crores 75 lakhs.
f1interviewreviews
Vo:What are ur plans after masters??
Me:After completion of my master's I will get back to India I will start my career as a network architect in my previous company as my project manager suggested me to do masters in umkc as his son also pursued masters in umkc after completion of masters get back to india and started his career as network architect in same company so after finishing my master's he will hire me as higher position that is Network architect and also iam the only son to my parents I have to take care of them and business as well and also I will take care of my dad's asserts.
VO:will rejoin same company
Me:Yes ,I will rejoin same company as my projected manager has no issues for visiting us and after completion of ms he will hire me as Network architect.
Vo: congratulations young man your visa Is approved
Me: thank you thank you very much officer and taken approval slip and ran away from the counter in a happy mood
@f1interviewreviews


Fall Intake
19 April
Chennai (1st Attempt)
Slot time: 8:00 Am
Status: APPROVED ✅

Univ-University of Illinois at Chicago
Master Of Public Health.

VO: Good Morning
Me: Good morning

VO:Pass me your i20 and Sevis fee
ME: Passed them.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Have u been on H1B before?
Me: No, I have a B1/B2.

VO: Who’s sponsoring your education?
Me: My parents.

VO: Visa has been approved
Me: Thank u so much.
@f1interviewreviews

Summer intake
16th April ( 1st attempt)
Chennai
Slot: 9am
Status: APPROVED ✅

University: Cleveland state university
Vo is a 40 year old American.

Vo: Good morning
Me:Good morning sir how are you doing
Vo:Good thanks

VO:when did u completed urs btech
Me: I completed my graduation on 2020
f1interviewreviews
VO: What will you be studying?
VO: specialisation
Me: cse
VO: How are you finding for your masters?
Me: My parents are sponsoring me and I also have an education loan of XX Lakhs. And savings amount of xxlakhs

Me: What does your parents do?
Me: My father is a business man with annual income of 12l

VO: Place your fingers on the scanner.

VO: And then goes the golden words " Your visa is approved"
Me: Thank you so much sir
@f1interviewreviews

Fall Intake
16th April (1st attempt )
Chennai
Slot time: 8 Am
Status : APPROVED ✅

VO is 35 year old American
Univ: North Carolina State University

VO: Give me your passport
Me: Given
VO: Give me your i20
Me : Given
VO: to which university are you going ?
Me : North Carolina State University, Master of Science in Computer Science
VO: Why this University
Me : NCSU is one of the top public research . My area of interest is Machine Learning and this university offers numerous courses like computer vision and deep learning . The coursework aligned with my area of interest and along my long term career goal .
VO interrupted me: So how many years you have been working in this company
Me: 3 years , I graduated in 2018
VO: why Machine Learning.
Me. Told about my current work which is related to Machine Learning and told like , In these years , I felt these is a knowledge gap which is needed for me to do Research and Development works. I believe this masters will help me to do such works.
VO: who is funding your education ?
Me: I have secured a loan of xxx dollars and I have my personal savings of xxx dollars in my account. With these I will be able to fund my education.
VO: so your primary funding will be from your loan ?
Me: yes , I believe this will be sufficient. We have property worth of xxxx(since he was explicitly asked )
VO: so your parents won’t be funding you ?
Me : Yes , they will . Just in case if I need
f1interviewreviews
VO: what’s your father ?
Me : He is a business man , told xxx as annual income and my mother gets xxxx as rent from that property.
VO: Will you be working in only in oracle after your masters ?
Me: No , in any company that uses Machine Learning.
VO: place your finger on the scanner
VO: your VISA is approved
Me: Thank you so much. Have a good day
@f1interviewreviews


15th April
Chennai (First attempt)
Slot time: 09:00am
Status: APPROVED✅

Univ-Wright State University
Course: MS in Mechanical Engg
Officer : 40 yrs old US Lady
Counter : 27

VO: Good morning!!
Me: Good morning officer

VO: first put your Right hand fingers on the scanner
VO: pass me your I20, passport
Me: sure, mam

VO: which University you are going for?
Me: Wright State University officer.

VO: is it located in Michigan?
Me: No, It was located in Dayton, Ohio, which is near to Michigan.
f1interviewreviews
VO: when did you passed out your Under graduation
Me: 2015, May

VO: what you doing from that time?
Me: I am working as a car designer for Tesla and Ford

VO: which project you are worked?
Me: Tesla Model Y and Ford CX

VO: what are your roles and responsibilities?
Me: Explained about my Work

VO: will you continue as a car designer after your masters?
Me: no mam, I’ll come back to India to start my own company

VO: That’s Great, how you fund your education?
Me: I have secured bank loan, and I have Personal savings, more over I have got 10K USD merit scholarship, by all these I can fund my Master’s Degree.

VO:  I am approving tour visa
Me: Thank you so much officer, you made my day.
@f1interviewreviews


7th April
Chennai(1st attempt)
Slot:9am
Status:Approved ✅

Uni:University of Cincinnati
Counter:23
Vo African American lady mid 30s

Vo:Good morning pass me your I20 and passport
Me:Good morning mam and passed on
Vo:why this college only?
Me:I thought she was asking about how you know about this college...so starting saying the answer. She interrupted me and asked me the same question again...then I understood that she is asking about college and I said the right answers
Vo:what’s your second option?
Me:DePaul mam
Vo: Why Cincinnati not DePaul?
Me:Mam DePaul is a blend of hospital management and less concentration on public health and it doesn’t have the facilities like medical centre and hospital where I can gain the practical experience at the community level.
f1interviewreviews
Vo: Where is DePaul located?
Me:Chicago mam
Vo:Do u know any proffessors?
Me: I like to work under Dr.Ranjan Deka who is the director of environmental health sciences and his research focuses more on infectious diseases.
Vo:Did u interact with him?
Me: No mam I’m eagerly waiting to interact with them.
Vo:ohhhh!
please place your four fingers. Congrats your visa was approved.
Me: thanks a lot mam.
@f1interviewreviews

5th April(1st Attempt)
Chennai
Status: APPROVED ✅

Counter 23
Univ- Georgia Institute of Technology
MS in ECE

VO:Hi
Me:Hi, Good Morning.
VO:Could you please give me your passport and I-20.
Me:Sure.
VO:So, why Gatech?
Me: spoke about professors, curriculum.

VO: What are your plans after Master's?
Me: I want to come back to India and work in a research based position.

VO: When did you graduate?
Me: I graduated in May 2018

VO: What have you been doing till now?
Me: I have been working in a company called "____" for the past 3 years

VO: Who is sponsoring your education?
Me: My father is sponsoring

VO: What does your father do?
Me: My father is a mechanical engineer in the oil and gas field.

VO: Okay. Please place your fingers on the scanner.
Me: sure.

VO:I am approving your VISA.
Me: Thank you mam.
@f1interviewreviews

April 7th ( 1st Attempt)
Consulate : chennai
Slot : 08:30 AM
Status : APPROVED ✅

Counter : 24 ( young lady around 25-30 years )
Univ : Cleveland state University

Me : Good morning madam! How are you!

VO : GM
ME: GIVE ME YOUR I20
VO : TYPING....
VO : VISA TYPE?
ME : F1 NON-IMMIGRANT VISA
VO : WHICH UNIVERSITY?
ME : CSU
VO :HAVE YOU PAID SEVIS FEE
ME : YA MAM
VO : PASS THE DOCUMENT
VO : WHEN AND WHERE DID YOU  COMPLETED YOUR BACHELORS
ME :  SEPTEMBER 2020 IN  RVR & JC
VO : COURSE
ME : COMPUTER SCIENCE
VO : WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO
ME : MASTERS
VO : WHAT IS YOUR MAJOR IN MASTERS
ME : COMPUTER SCIENCE
VO : ANY SPECIALIZATION
ME : ML & AI
VO : WHO IS FUNDING YOUR EDUCATION
ME : MY PARENTS HAVING SAVINGS OF * LACS AND EDUCATIONAL LOAN SANCTIONED OF * LACS
VO : SHOW LOAN SANCTION LETTER
ME : WHY CLEVELAND STATE UNIVERSITY
ME :  I CHOOSE THIS UNIVERSITY BECAUSE THIS UNIVERSITY IS GIVING ME THE FREDOM OF SELECTING OUR OWN ELECTIVES AS I AM VERY MUCH FOND OF ML & AI. AND THIS UNIVERSITY HAS BLEND OF ML & AI
VO : FOR WHAT DO YOU GET EXITED
ME : FOOD
VO : "FOOD!!!"
ME YEAH MAM
VO :  OK I AM APPROVING YOUR VISA
@f1interviewreviews

1st April
Chennai (1st attempt)
Slot Time: 10am
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- TAMUK
Counter :25

Vo: come forward
Me: Good morning sir
Vo: Hi Hi..pass me I20 and passport
Me:yes sir
Vo: which course are you going to study
Me: sir I couldn't hear you
Vo came near Mike and asked the same question
Me: I'm going to study masters in CS
Vo: how many colleges did you apply ?
Me: 5 and I named them(Dayton
Tamuk,Pace,Ucm,Kent state)
Vo: ok..who is sponsoring
Me: my parents and I also have educational loan
Vo: I'm approving your visa
Me: Thank you so much sir


8th April
Chennai
Slot Time : 10:30am
Interview Time : 11:20am
Counter : 27
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ- Wright state university

VO: Hey good morning!!
Me : Good Morning.
VO: pass me your passport and I20
Me: yeah sure sir and gave them
VO: when did you completed your UG?
Me: I was passed out in the year of 2016
VO : what is your course in BTech?
Me : Electronics and Communication Engg.
VO: What did you do after completing your UG?
Me: Told about my work experience
VO: why MS now?
Me : Initially my growth was good but from past 1 year i am getting monotonous work and when looking for other opportunities outside they are looking for a masters degree so I choose MS to improve my knowledge related to my work experience and to have good opportunities in future
VO: why WSU?
Me : Told him about the research opportunities and course curriculum(he interrupted)
VO: Who is funding your education?
Me: My father is funding for my education he has savings of XXlakhs and WSU is offering me 10000$ of scholarship for two years.
VO: what does your father do?
Me : Told him about my father’s occupation and his annual income
VO: please place your hand for fingerprints
Me : I have kept them
VO : Your visa is approved
Me : Thank you so much, you made my day and thanks a lot.
@f1interviewreviews


April 8th
Chennai (5th Attempt)
Univ: Florida State University, Tallahassee
Slot Time: 8.30am
Status: APPROVED ✅

Counter: 23
VO: Thin American young man
Previous all attempts: Mumbai

Vo: Good Morning
Me: Good Morning officer. How are you doing?
Vo: I am good. Thank you. How are you?
Me: I am good Officer. Thank you for asking.
Vo: So, tell me why Florida?
Me: My sister studied her master’s there, and she used to discuss it with me. It inspired me how master’s degree from Florida helped her throughout her career. After coming back to India, she got a very good job opportunity in Bajaj Finance as a Product Manager.
Vo: (He asked few questions related to her)
1) What is her name?
2) 2) Tell me her birthdate.
3) 3) When did she graduate?
4) 4) Her last travel history.
5) Me: Told.
6) Vo: She also did her master’s from FSU?
7) Me: No officer. She did her master’s from University of Florida and mine is Florida state University. Both are in same state.
8) Vo: I can see that before you had applied for UCM. Then why do you change your university now?
9) Me: FSU was my topmost priority. I had initiated admission process in August 2020 for fall intake. That time I had applied to 6 universities and got admission from 4 of them, but pandemic hit and my priorities changed. I decided to stay with my parents and take care of them. I requested all 4 universities to defer my admission for Spring intake. UCM accepted my request so I decided to go with it.
10) Now few days ago I got my Summer i20 from FSU and it was my topmost priority I decided to change it o FSU.
11) Vo: Why did you apply for UCM?
12) Me: UCM and FSU both were my choices because both the universities offer courses aligned to my interest. But, FSU offers hybrid course in which along with Data Management and AI courses I can learn programming skills like Java, .Net, C# which will definitely help me boost my knowledge.
13) Vo: Can you spell your sisters name?
14) Me: Sure officer. Spelled it for him. (He checked her details on PC using her name and birthdate info)
15) Vo: So why did your sister move back to India?
16) Me: As pandemic hit, she decided to move back to India and stay with our parents and continue her career in India by staying with them. (Actually, she had decided to move back even before Covid. Around June 2019)
17) Vo: What does your father do?
18) Me: He is a senior technician in Public sector company BEL since 30 years working on Indian Government projects.
19) Vo: What is his annual income?
20) Me: Told
21) Vo: Tell me his date of birth?
22) Me: Told
23) Vo: Has he ever traveled to USA?
24) Me: No officer. But he had applied for B1/B2 Visa in 201 as my sister was planning to come back to India permanently. Before she moves back my parents wanted to visit her in the US.
25) Vo: Has your father ever did farming?
26) Me: No officer. We do not have any land to do farming.
27) Vo: Has your sister utilized her OPT?
28) Me: Yes officer.
29) Vo: Has she utilized her complete OPT period?
30) Me: Yes officer. She has utilized her complete OPT period.
31) Vo: What are your plans after MS?
32) Me: After my MS I would like to utilize mt OPT to gain practical knowledge and move back to India to my parents and apply in organizations like Bajaj, Flipkart, Udaan in Analytical Field.
33) Vo: You made it man. I am approving your visa.
34) Me: Thank you officer. You made my day.
35) @f1interviewreviews






21 April
Chennai
Slot time : 10am
Status : APPROVED✅

Uni : North Carolina State University (Fall intake)
Program : MS in Operations Research

Counter : 27
Male American, bald and glasses

Me: Good morning!
VO : Yeah hi, your passport please
Me : sure
Vo : (after typing for 30 seconds) your I20 now
Me: sure
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: (after typing for another 30 seconds) what’s a master’s in operations research
Me: Well, OR is a discipline that uses mathematical models for decision making and a master’s program involves postgraduate level courses to learn about this field. 
Vo: Who’s sponsoring you?
Me: My father. 
Vo : Okay, and what does he do?
Me: He’s (designation) at (company).
Vo : Okay, your visa is approved. Please read this (passes a green slip) to know how you’ll get your passport. 
Me: Thank you so much!
@f1interviewreviews


Fall intake
21 April
Chennai(1st attempt)
Slot Time : 8am
Status : APPROVED✅

Counter : 31

Vo: good morning
Me: good morning mam
Vo : which visa?
Me: F1 mam
Vo: please show me I20, PASSPORT, SEVIS
Me: showed
Vo: Which university
Me: University of Houston
Vo : Is it clear lake?
Me: No mam, It’s main campus
Vo : ok good, when did u completed bachelors
Me: April 2021
VO : Bachelor’s course?
Me: ECE
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: MS in?
Me: Engineering Data science
Vo: what about financial documents
Me: My father is sponsoring me
And I have taken loan of 25L , Savings 21L and immovable assests of 1cr and also I got scholarship of 1000$
Vo: please show me loan documents
Me : showed 
Vo: ok please put your right fingers 
Vo: Your visa is approved
Me: Thank you mam
@f1interviewreviews

21st April 
Chennai 
Status- Rejected ❌

Univ: Indiana institute of technology
VO:he is American guy counter no 27

Vo:pass me your passport 
Me:good morning sir how are you doing 
Vo:good 
Me:passed passport 
Vo:pass me your i20
Vo:how do you know about this university 
Me:I done my research and also took guidance from senior faculty from my previous college .
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo:interrupted what’s your higher education qualification 
Me:Mba
Vo: so you already completed masters why are you doing masters again 
Me : sir the current masters which I’m applying for is relevant to my current line of work by doing this I will gain much more knowledge in the field of operations 
Vo:interrupted sorry I can not issues you visa this time 214b
@f1interviewreviews

Fall Intake
21 April 
Chennai (1st Attempt)
Slot Time: 10:30 AM
Status : APPROVED✅

Counter : 23 
VO is a lady in her late 20’s or Early 30’s

VO: Hello
Me: Hello ma’am. Good Morning
VO: Pass your Passport and I20
Me: (Passed)
VO: Oh New York University, Which course?
Medidn’t hear properly, asked her to repeat) I am going to pursue Master of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering specializing in Communications, Signal Processing and Networking
VO: Oh you have been to the US on a J-1 Visa already, what did you do there?
Me: Yes ma’am. I went for my Internship Program at Northern Illinois University. Explained about my project in one line.
VO: Did you apply for a waiver? ( My J-1 visa had a two year home residency requirement, which need to be fulfilled before my h1b. Out of which one year is completed Thanks to Covid)
Me: No ma’am.
VO: What are your plans after master’s?
Me: I will come back  after my course completion and get a job here and repay my loan and Later I want to start my own business.
VO: What kind of Business do you want to start?
Me: ( Honestly I didn’t prepare for this question, I answered something on spot.) I want to create medical IOT devices using wireless applications.
VO: When did you graduate?
Me: 2020 maam
VO: What were you doing from then?
Me: I did two online courses related to my master’s degree and I also participated in two tech competitions and won one of them and currently as a finalist in the other.
VO: Can you name the competitions?
Me: (told her the names and I think she googled that on her computer
VO: Who is sponsoring you?
Me: I have a loan of XX lakhs from YYY bank. My father is sponsoring XX lakhs from his personal savings and I have secured a scholarship of XX USD from NYU as well.
VO: What is your father doing?
Me: Explained his job, income and fixed assets worth.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: When are you going to apply for a waiver?
Me: No Ma’am. I am not planning to apply. Because I will be coming back to India after my master, So I don’t have a need to apply for a waiver.
VO: Wait a min(She took my passport inside to check something, came after 10 mins)
VO: (Slided her hand towards the green slip) Place your left hand four fingers on the scanner. Your Visa is approved.
Me: Thank you ma’am. You made my day. Have a nice day.
@f1interviewreviews

April 19th
Chennai (1st Attempt)
Status-REJECTED ❌

VO was Bold head guy

VO- why cleveland state university?
Me:- the acedamic curriculum of this graduate program at cleveland state univ Is giving me the freedom to choose the course module according to my field of intrest. The faculty are high qualified and I feel studying under them would mould my career ahead.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO-stop don’t give a generic answer like everyone. Tell me why do you choose this univ?
Me: I was looking for Master in computer science specialization of bigdata were this type of course is offered by univ.  And which is exactly matches to my area of intrest 
V.O:- sorry you’r not eligible for non-immgrant  visa and I’m issueing you a 214(b) form
@f1interviewreviews

Summer intake
21 April
Chennai
Slot Time : 8.30am
Status : APPROVED✅

Counter : 31
Lady officer age in between (30)
Vo: good morning
Me: good morning mam
Vo : which visa?
Me: F1 mam
Vo: please show me I20, PASSPORT, SEVIS
Me: showed
Vo: Which university
Me: Lewis University
Vo : which intake
Me: I said summer
Vo : ok good, when did u completed bachelors
Me: 2010
Vo:How many admits? 
Me:2 Admits 
Vo: Any rejections 
Me: No
Vo:university names? 
Me:Sacred heart university and Levi’s university
Vo: Locations of sacred heart university and Lewis university? 
Me:Lewis university is in Romeoville Illinois and sacred is Fairfield Connecticut 
VO : Bachelor’s course?
Me:Bcom computers
VO: MS in?
Me: masters in computers and information sciences 
Vo: what about funding? 
Me: My father is sponsoring who is a real estate business man.His annual income 16L per annum. My mother income 12L per annum ,she runs Saree boutique in Hyderabad. 
Vo:Are you single 
Me: yes
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo:Y 10 years gap to education? Since then what you did? 
Me: I said 10 years work experience. Iam still working with company.
Vo:plans after studies? 
Me:I will be back to india and join in reputed company with my MS graduation. I have long term goals in my job career to see myself in a good position like project manager or team  lead position. 
Vo: ok please put your  fingers 
Vo: Golden words as Your visa is approved with a green slip and passport will reach me by end of this week. She took my passport with her. 
Me: Thank you mam you made my day.
@f1interviewreviews




22April (2nd Attempt )
chennai
Counter :29
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ: cleveland state university
Vo:Bald with spectacles 

Me : Good morning sir
Vo : pass your passport and I20
Me : passed the docs 
Vo : so you are working?
Me : yes sir, I am working as software engineer at x company
Vo: why do you want to leave the job and continue studies?
Me : sir, I want to become a big data engineer. A masters degree from US will add great value to my profile which helps me grab great opportunity in one of the top corporations in india.
Vo: so how much data is big data?
Me : answered
Vo: is it petabytes or terabytes?
Me : petabytes sir
Vo: great
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: So how are you paying your masters fee?
Me : I have education loan of 31 lakhs and saving of 28 lakhs
Vo : on what basis you got loan?
Me : fathers salary
Vo : sorry please repeat again. Is it collateral or non collateral?
Me : sir the loan was given on basis of fathers salary. It is a non collateral loan.
Vo : what are your plans after masters?
Me : I will come back to india and work as big data engineer. I also have responsibility to take care of my parents.
Vo : I am approving your visa. Have a nice stay in US.
Me : Thank you sir. You made my day. Have a nice day sir
@f1interviewreviews

22 April (1st Attempt)
Chennai 
Slot time- 9:30am
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- Indiana university

Me: Good morning
Vo: Hi, good morning
Vo: Pls give me your passport 
and i20. 
Me: * hands him the docs *
Vo: Place your fingerprint
Me: Places my hand.
Vo: Press harder like you're tryiny to break the machine.
Vo: So you're going to the Indiana University to study what?
Me: Data Science
Vo: Why did you choose IU
Me: I've seen their rankings on data science and also they have a great curriculum. I have also used some of their profs research as a base for my research work too.
Vo: what's your GRE score
Me: I applied without GRE this year.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: Any particular reason why?
Me: There was a lockdown during that time so I couldn't write the exam. I wrote only TOEFL and applied. (Thought he'd ask how you wrote only TOEFL during the lockdown but he didn't )
Vo: what's your undergraduate CGPA?
Me: Told my gpa
Vo: What does your dad do?
Me: He is a xyz for this company
Vo: Congratulations, your visa has been approved. You'll receive your passport in a week's time. Enjoy your stay in the US. All the best.
@f1interviewreviews


Fall 
23rd April
Chennai
Status: APPROVED ✅

Counter:23
Univ- University of Southern California

VO: pass me your passport
Me: passed
VO: pass me your F1 document
Me: passed my i20
VO: so University of Southern California is it?
Me: Yes ma'am
VO: for master's in computer science?
Me: Yes ma'am
*VO types for 1 minute*
VO: so what courses are you planning to take?
Me: ma'am data science, machine learning, computer vision along with computer systems and operating system
VO: computer vision is it?
Me: Yes ma'am, since this subject  acts as a foundation for AI
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: so your i20 shows family as funding, so what do they do?
Me: ma'am my father is a central government employee and works as a xxx at yyy and my mother is a doctor and she works as xxx at yyy.. their combined annual income is yyy

VO: great, your visa is approved 
(Passes me the green slip)

Me: thank you so much ma'am, you made my day

VO: you've worked hard, you deserve it
@f1interviewreviews

23 April
Chennai (first attempt)
Status: APPROVED ✅

Univ -University of California San Diego

VO: Asked for passport, i20
VO: Asked why this University
Me: Told that I am pursuing my MS in Electronics and Computer Engineering and right from my college days I have worked in the field of computer vision, robotics so I think I will be a good fit here
VO: Asked "Why" again
Me: Mentioned about the professor heading the robotics laboratory there and working under his guidance would hone my skills
VO: What's your dream job?
Me: To work as an engineer in a driverless car company like Mercedes
VO: When did you graduate?
Me: Last year
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: What have you been doing for the past one year?
Me: Working remotely as a research assistant at IIITH
VO: Have you taken an education loan?
Me : No
VO: What do your parents do?
Me : Mentioned their designations
VO: What's your parent's combined annual income?
Me: Told about bank balance
VO: Do you know about their annual income?
Me: Not sure 
VO asked me to place my fingers on the finger print machine
VO: Your Visa has been approved
@f1interviewreviews

Fall 
23rd April
Chennai
Status: APPROVED ✅

Counter:21
Univ-North Carolina State University

VO: pass me your passport
Me: passed
VO: pass me your F1 document
Me: passed my i20
VO: Are you going to pursue bachelors or masters?
Me: i am going to pursue my masters
VO: Which university?
Me: North Carolina state university
*VO types for 1 minute*
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: what is your major?
Me: ma'am Computer Science,Data science track
VO: What about your bachelors?
Me: I am pursuing my bachelors in Computer science from xxx university
VO: tell me about your funding?
Me: told
VO: can you show me your loan letter?
ME:Yes,sure mam

VO: great, your visa is approved 
(Passes me the green slip)

Me: thank you so much ma'am, you made my day
@f1interviewreviews


7th June
Chennai
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- University of South California

Vo: hello.
Me: hello.
Vo: please give me your I20, Visa confirmation sheet as well as the SEVIS payment confirmation sheet.
Vo: what category of visa are you applying for
Me: F1
Vo: is this your first time applying for F1 visa?
Me: Yes
Vo: which University will you be attending?
Me: USC
Vo: what other universities had you applied to?
Me: states the universites.
Vo: why this University ?
Me: it offers one of the top MS programs in this field. Also my undergraduate mentor studied at the university and gave me pointers on the kind of research work that goes on there, which aligns with my own interests.
Vo: How will you be funding your stay and studies at US?
Me: My parents had set aside a separate fund for my higher studies, so it will be completely funded by my parents.
Vo: Where do they work?
Me: states where they work
Vo: When is your program starting?
Me: orientation of the program is on <date 1>, classes start on <date 2>.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: when are you planning on travelling?
Me: 5 days before the orientation date.
Vo: Thank you, your visa has been approved. Please take this document (hands me a document). This has details of how to collect your passport back. Have a nice day.
Me: Thanks, have a nice day.
@f1interviewreviews

June 7 
Chennai (Regular Appointment)
Slot time :8:40am
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ -NEU
Counter 23 
 
VO: Good Morning 
Me : Good Morning Officer
VO: Could you please pass me your passport and i20 
Me: Sure
VO: Do you have the sevis receipt as well 
Me : Yes officer , here it is.
VO: So Masters or Bachelors ?
Me : Masters
VO: Which university ? 
Me : Northeastern University 
VO: Please name your admits 
Me : Named the admits 
VO: Which course ?
Me : Masters in Information systems 
V0 : Are you planning to take any specialisation ?
Me : Yes Officer, the Information systems offers a Data analytics track and I’ll be taking that .
V0: Cool
VO: When did you graduate ? 
Me : I graduated in 2019 
VO: so you have been working since then ?
Me : I have been working as Xx in yy team at zzz
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: so how are you planning to find your masters?
Me : I would be majorly using education loan for the rest I would be using fathers savings 
VO: is the loan from private or public bank ?
Me: Private 
VO: what does you father do ?
Me : He is been working as xx at yy
VO: How long has be been in that role ?
Me : 7 years ( I had no idea but said 7 years )
VO: When does your course start?
Me : Sept 8
VO: When are you planning to travel 
Me : I haven’t decided yet I will be travelling sometime after aug 9 based on the quarantine rules of the University.
VO: Please place your left hand fingers
VO: I am keeping your passport . You visa has been approved and hands over the green slip.
Me: Thanks officer you’re made my day
@f1interviewreviews

7th June (Regular)
Chennai
Slot time-8:30 AM  
status-APPROVED ✅

Vo Bald guy mid thirties
Univ- Pepperdine University.

Vo: Good Morning, How are you?
Me: I’m good, how are you? 
Vo: So what are you currently doing?
Me: I am an Advocate, practicing under the Bar Council of Karnataka and I specialise as a Divorce Lawyer. 
Vo: So how is this course going to help your future goals: 
Me: Answered
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: How will you fund. 
Me: I have Xx amount loan, 40% scholarship and my father has XX amount savings and annual income. 
Vo: Congratulations I’m approving your visa. 
Me: Thank you so much
Handed me the approval slip
@f1interviewreviews

7th june 
Chennai (Regular Appointment) 
Slot time: 8:30  
Status-APPROVED ✅ 

Univ - University of Dayton
 
VO: Hi good morning, how are you doing?  
Me: Hello, Good morning ma'am. How are you? 
VO: I'm doing good, can you pass me your passport, i20 and sevis fee receipt? 
Me: Sure thing... Here you go.. 
VO: Where are you planning to go in US? 
Me: I'm planning to go to the university of dayton. 
VO: Where is it located? 
Me: It's in the state of Ohio, in the state Dayton. 
VO: OK, so Dayton, Ohio. 
Me: Yes 
VO: So are you planning for masters? 
Me: Yes.. I'm planning to pursue masters in engineering management 
VO: Great.. Have you applied for other universities? 
Me: Yes, I have also applied for University of New haven, which is in Connecticut but I've selected this university. 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Okay, why University of Dayton? 
Me: Because of two things... The quality of courses offered here especially engineering management like engineering economy, engineering organisational development etc and the faculty present 
VO: She interrupred... How are you going to fund this? 
Me: My parents are funding me... They have saved total of xx lakhs which is xx usd and also they have a combined income of xx lpa and I've also collected some personal funds 
VO: What is your dad doing? 
Me: Told that he is working as xx designation in xx company and my mom is working as xx designation at xx company 
VO: Alright, when is your start date for the program? 
Me: Told 23rd August 
VO: When do you have to be there at the earliest? 
Me: I told 19th August or 23rd August would do. 
VO: Alright then place your left hand 4 fingers on the scanner, I'm approving your visa. 
Me: Thank you very much,have a good day!  
VO: Have a good day!
@f1interviewreviews


8th June
Chennai
Slot time-9.30 am
Status - APPROVED ✅

Univ - Santa Clara University, California

VO was a bald guy in mid 30s

VO- Good morning
Me- Good morning
VO- Pass me your passport and i20
Me- Passed
VO- What were you doing since you graduated? Are you still studying or working? (I mistakenly mentioned as Student instead of Unemployed in DS160)
Me- I mentioned about preparing for AWS Certification exam and clearing it
VO- What's your undergraduate grade/GPA?
Me- 7.3
VO- Have you written GRE? If yes, what's your score?
Me- 314
VO- What are your plans after graduation?
Me- Since my parents are both entrepreneurs, I plan to return back and launch a startup
VO- Startup in what field?
Me- Cloud computing
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO- How do you plan on competing with tech giants like AWS/GCP as a startup?
Me- I mentioned that my startup will be targeting medium and small scale businesses
VO- Who is funding your education?
Me- My parents are funding and I have also secured a loan from SBI
VO- Place your left 4 fingers on the scanner
VO- Congratulations, your visa is approved. Have a nice day.
Me- Thank you
@f1interviewreviews


8 June 
Chennai
Slot time- 8am
Status- APPROVED ✅

Univ: Jindal School of Management
VO is in Early 30s maybe.

VO: Good morning. Thanks for you patience, I’m sorry to keep you waiting. 
Me: No problem sir. 
VO: Please handover passport and i20
Handed over
VO: How are you going to fund your education? 
Me: xxx of loan. xxx of merit based scholarship. Rest is my own savings and borne by parents as sponsors. 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Why this college?
Me: Multiple reasons Sir. 
The unique curriculum offers perfect blend of business and technical courses I was looking for...
VO: (interrupts )
Why Businesses? Aren’t you an engineer ?
Me: Yes sir. I come with lot of Technical management experience, but I look for formal education on all aspects of business than only Technical... 
VO: (interrupt) Please place your right hand fingers on the scanner. I’m approving your VISA. 
Me: Thank you Sir! Have a good day!
@f1interviewreviews

9 June 
Chennai
Slot time- 8am
Status- APPROVED ✅

Univ: NYU
VO lady is in Early 30s maybe.

VO: Good morning.
Me: Good Morning, How are you doing?
VO: huhh, with a smile.
Me: That’s cool.
VO: Please handover passport and i20 and Sevis Fee
Me: Handed over
VO: why are you here?
Me: to pursue Masters in CS at NYU.
VO: Oh NewYork, How are you feeling..are you excited?
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me:- very much with a smile.
VO: How are you going to fund your education? 
Me: xxx of loan. xxx of merit based scholarship. My parents are sponsoring me around xxx lakhs which also includes my personal savings.
VO: what does your father do?
Me: he worked in xxx role in xxx place. He is retired couple of years back. Currently he is into business and own property of xxx from which he gets his income now. His current income is around xxx now.
VO: from where you did your undergraduate?
Me: xxx clg in 2018 which is one of the top xx prestigious institutes in India.
VO: what are you doing since then?
Me: I was working as a full stack developer in top product based company xxx and I joined my current company  xxx as SDE 2 years back. My current CTC is xxx 
VO:  why masters after 3 years of work?
Me:  During work Exp, I came across AI projects…which captured my interest and driven me to research those..I have decided to enhance my career and progress ahead in AI field which requires more practical knowledge that I can procure from masters.
VO: ok pls put your right hand 4 fingers on scanner.
VO: congrats, it’s approved.
@f1interviewreviews

9th June 
Visa Category : F-1
Consulate : Chennai
Appointment : Regular
Scheduled time: 9.30 am
Entered at 8.40am

Status: Approved ✅

VO: African American, about 30y

Me: Good morning ma'am. 
VO: Good morning, how are you doing?
Me: I'm doing good, how about you?
VO: good as well, could you pass me your passport, I20 and Sevis payment receipt?
Me: handed them over
VO: Which visa category you're applying? 
Me: F-1
VO: So which University you plan to study?
Me: University of Pennsylvania
VO: What program?
Me: Mechanical Engineering
VO: which specialization?
Me: Mechatronic and Robotic systems
VO: are you excited to go? 
Me: yes, very (smiling) 
VO: When did you graduate?
Me: 2019
VO: Were you working since then?
Me: Yes, as a planning engineer at an Aviation company
VO: So how are you funding it?
Me: My parents are funding as well as I've secured a loan (didn't mention any values) 
VO: loan from a private or a public bank?
Me: Public.
VO: So what you plan to do after masters?
t.me/f1interviewreviews 
Me: (mind blank, but had to say something, the first thing that came in my mind is:) I plan to apply the knowledge and skill set to start a robotics startup in India.
VO: (types) when does your college start?
Me: 31ST August
VO: how soon you need to be there?
Me: earliest start is 1st August, but I plan to leave mid August.
VO: (types again) place your left 4 fingers
Me: placed
VO: I'm approving your visa. You'll receive an sms or email to receive your passport in 3-5 working days.
Me: thank you so much
VO: you're welcome, have a great day.
Me: you too.
@f1interviewreviews


9th June
Consulate : Chennai
Appointment : Regular
Scheduled time: 8.30 am
Out-time: 8.50am

Status: Approved ✅

VO: African American lady, about 30y

VO: Good morning
Me: Good morning ma'am.

VO: Which visa category you're applying? 
Me: F-1

VO: could you pass me your passport, I20 and Sevis payment receipt?
Me: handed them over

VO: So which University you plan to study?
Me: University of South Florida 

VO: How many universities you have applied?
Me: 3 and named them.

VO: why USF?
Me: told the reason.

VO: When did your undergraduate completed?
Me: 2019
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: Were you working since then?
Me: Yes, as a xxx at xxx company

VO: What about the funds?
Me: my father is sponsoring me. Has savings of xx lakhs and loan of xx lakhs from xxx bank and immovable properties worth xxx.

VO: is that xxx bank public or private?
Me: told the answer

VO: what is your father occupation?
Me: he is a farmer and he owns a small scale business. And told the annual income xxx.

VO: What will you do after masters?
Me: I will utilise my OPT period and will return back to India to take care of my parents as I am the only son.

VO: When is program start date?
Me: Aug 23

VO: (types again) place your right hand 4 fingers
Me: placed

VO: I'm approving your visa. You'll receive an sms or email to receive your passport in 3-4 working days.
Me: thank you so much

VO: you're welcome, have a great day.
Me: you too.

@f1interviewreviews

7th June
Chennai
Slot time-8.30 am
Status - APPROVED ✅

Univ - Lewis University

VO was a amarican lady in mid 30s

Me- Good Morning officer
VO- Good morning(with welcome smile)
VO- Pass me your passport and i20
Me- Passed,here it is
VO- which university are you going to?
Me- lewis university
VO- Where it is located?
Me- romeoville, illinos st
VO- when did you graduate?
Me- 2019
vo- how many university's you applied?
me- i appiled for 5 university's
vo- in that how many admits and what are they?
me- i got three admits and i named them all
vo- why this university?
me- the course module of computer and information sciences at lewis university is exactly matchs with my career obtective( and told some random points about university) . 
vo- tell me about this university
me- actually, i done some reseacrch about this university, i felt like the faculty is very good. because, they respond very qucikly when i rise doubts about the university.
vo- course in master's ?
me- computer amd information science
vo- specialization..?
me- data science
vo- why you are interested specially in data science?
me- actually, i recently joined in  dairus knight solution pvt.ld, as a data science research intern, in that i'm workind as a data specialist my job is to retrive the lost data in ecommers company(and soo on... given some random answer) so, thats why i really intrested in data science .  
vo- who is funding for your education ?
me- my dad, he is business man, he is into agriculture related business and he has a 10 acar agriculture and also he has three open lands
vo- what is his annual income?
me- xxxxxx lakhs per annum and i hava a sanction education loan xxx lakh amount, savings xxxx lakh amount and immovable properties xxxx crores.
vo- what your mom do?
me- she is a house wife
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO- What you do after completion of masters?
me- i come back to india and i want to join in top mnc company which is related to my field and i will get 8 to 9 lakhs per annum as salary
VO- how long you stay in usa?
Me- 2 years (she checked in i-20 start and end date of program)
VO- whats your hobbies?
Me- playing badminton, movies, playing games, listening music
VO- hoo great(with smile) you play badminton
Me- yes, i play daily in the evening 4 to 6 pm
vo- so, are you intrested to play in university team?
me- yes, ofcourse
VO- Place your right 4 fingers on the scanner
VO- Congratulations, your visa is approved.
me- thank you mam, you mada my day.
vo- your passport wiil be deliverd with in 3 days .thank you.
@f1interviewreviews


Hi all! 
*My Visa experience*
*Place* : Chennai
*Time* : 8 AM 
*Status* : Approved ✅
*Date* : 10th June 2021

Only one counter is opened
VO is  a young lady in her late 20's. 

http://t.me/f1interviewreviews 
VO: *Which university are u planning for?* 
Me: I am planning to go to University of Missouri- Kansas City
VO: *What other admits did u got?*
Me: 1. Northern Arizona, 2.Southern Mississippi &3. Wisconsin- Milwaukee
VO: *So y u have choosen this particular university?*
Me: UMKC is one of the top research university in the US & students has a flexibility to choose his own subjects from given curriculum & the on going research work is directly aligned to my course work & professors yugyung Lee & Down Xian Xu had there part of research & into teaching for same so, I beleive under their guidance I can brush my skills
VO: *How r u going to fund your education?*
Me : I have secured an education loan of 25L from Bank of Baroda  & my father is having savings of 15L on the top of it i also got 8K$ for 1st 2 semesters. 
VO: *What does your father do?* 
Me: He is an agriculturist who does agriculture in 9 acres of oil palm crop . He used to export those products to nearby oil industries. 
VO: *Seems you have scholarship also?* 
Me: Yes, mam it is 8K$ for 1st 2sems. 
VO: *R u excited to go to US?* 
Me: Yes, mam I am. 

*Finally I heard those golden words* 
*Congratulations your visa has been approved & handed me a green slip*
@f1interviewreviews

Visa Interview 
Date : 10/6/2021
Univ: Cornell University
Location : Chennai
Status Approved ✅
Appointment : Regular

VO was an African American woman in her 20s. 

VO: Good morning. 
Me: Good morning ma'am. How are you?
VO: I'm doing good. How are you? Please pass your passport.
Me: I'm doing great. (*Passes my passport)
VO: What visa are you applying for?
Me: An F1 student visa.
VO: In that case, please pass me your i20 and SEVIS fee receipt.
Me: (passed both documents)
VO: What course will you be pursuing?
Me: Masters of Science in Chemical Engineering 
(VO was typing)
VO: Chemical Engineering, is it?
Me: Yes ma'am. 
VO: What university?
Me: Cornell University
VO: New York, huh? You get to see some snow! (laughs)
Me: Yes ma'am. (laughs too)
VO: When does your course begin?
Me: August 26, 2021. 
VO: When do you want to fly to the US?
Me: Around the first week of August in order to abide by my university's quarantine requirements. 
VO: How are you funding your education? 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me: My father is financing my education through a savings bank a/c of Rs. Xxx. Moreover I have availed an educational loan of Rs. Xxx. I also have immovable properties in Chennai valued at Rs. Xxx, and my father earns an annual income of Rs. Xxx.
VO: That's great. What is your father's occupation?
Me: told
VO: Is your loan from a public bank or a private lank?
Me: Public bank
VO: That's great. Please place 4 fingers of your right and left hand. 
Me: (does what she told)
VO: Your visa has been approved. You can collect it in 3-5 business days. Congrats!
Me: Thank you, you made my day. 
VO: (laughs) Have a nice day!
Me: You too! Thanks again!
@f1interviewreviews

June 10
Chennai (Regular Appointment)
Slot time-10:00am
Status: APPROVED ✅

VO: 35-40 years old
Univ - University of Central Florida

Me: Good morning Officer. I hope you're doing great.
VO: good morning. Give me your passport and I20
Me: passed the documents
VO: what are you doing currently?
Me: I have just completed my undergraduate in Biotechnology in May 2021
VO: Why Masters?
Me: To specialize in my area of interest and gain research experience.
VO: What are your plans after graduation?
Me: Answered.
VO: what about your funding?
Me: I have a scholarship from the University and My parents have a saving of XX amount.
Then he said. Congratulations your visa is approved.
@f1interviewreviews

My Visa Interview
Status: Approved✅✔️
Consulate: chennai
I reached the consulate arnd 7:50. Entering the building wud have been arnd 8:10.  Came out arnd 8:30
Only 2 Counters were open

The VO was a aftr american lady of arnd 26 yrs

Vo: Good Morning
Me: Good Morning Mam.
VO: Can you pass me ur sevis and I20
Me: Passed the docs
VO: Which University are you going to?
Me : Arizona state university in the city of tempe
VO: your voice is low, Can I increase the volume of the mike
Me: I will talk louder
VO: Can you repeat the sentence
Me:Arizona state university in the city of tempe
VO: what all universities from which u got admits??
Me: Arizona state university and New haven univerity.. sorry University of new haven
VO: Oh New haven, why did u choose ASU over New haven
ME: ASU has been ranked numer 1 for innovation by us news for past 6 yrs. the couresewrk is flexible and practical. this will help me grow in my career.
VO: what degree ur going for ?
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me: I am going to pursue Masters in Computer science
VO: Any specialization?
Me: No, it is more of a generic degree
VO: Oh, Ok. How are going to manage ur educational expenses?
Me: My parents are funding me and I have also secured a loan.
VO: What do they do?
Me: My father is a businnessman n mom is a home maker and she owns rental properties from which we get money(badly missed to say income)
Vo: ok, when did u graduate?
Me: I graduated in the year 2018
VO: what have u been doing since then
Me: I have been working as a software engineer in zoho corporation for past 2 n half yrs.
VO: Why MS now?
Me: Even though I have gained a lot of technical skills, I feel there is a lot of  cutting edge technologies in US way ahead which I need to learn to sustain in the market for a long period. (I stammered a lot in this)
VO: ohh....okkk.. place ur right hand on the scanner. Your visa has been approved. I will be keeping back ur Passport.U will get ur visa back in 3 to 5 business days
Me: Thank you so much mam.
@f1interviewreviews


Date : 10/6/2021
Univ: University of texas at Arlington
Location : Chennai
Status Approved ✅
Appointment : Regular

VO was an African American woman in her 20s. 

Me: Good morning ma'am. How are you doing?
VO: Good morning, I'm doing good, how are you doing?
Please pass your passport.
Me: I'm doing great. 
Passed my passport, i20 and Sevis receipt!
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: What visa are you applying for?
Me: F1 student visa.
VO: Which university?
Me: University of texas Arlington
(VO was typing)
VO: Master's or bachelor's?
Me: Master's in Computer Science.
VO: Why this University?
Me: told about electives offered, dual majors and a professor's research!
VO: Great, how are you funding your education?
Me: My parents are sponsoring my education, I have taken an education loan from SBI for xx lakhs and we have liquid assets worth xx lakhs!
VO: Is it a public or a private sector bank?
Me: It is a public sector bank!
VO: That's great. What is your father's occupation?
Me: told
VO: Please place 4 fingers of your left hand. 
VO: Your visa has been approved. You will get it in 3-5 business days. Congrats!
Me: Thank you ma'am, you made my day, have a great day. 
VO: Have a nice day!
@f1interviewreviews

Visa Interview 
Date: 10/6/2021
Univ: University of Nebraska Medical Centre
degree: PhD
Location: Chennai
Status: Approved ✅
Appointment : EA 8am

VO was an African American woman in her 20s. 

VO: Good morning. 
Me: Good morning ma'am.
VO: Please pass your passport, I20, and sevis.
Me: Yes. Here it is.
VO: Which University? 
Me: University of Nebraska Medical Center 
VO: Oh.. Nebraska. Why this University? 
Me: It is one of few universities in USA working on my research interest. 
VO: Have you applied to other universities? If so name them
Me: Yes ma'am.... Mentioned names.. 
VO: Is that course is fully funded?
Me: Yes 
VO: When does your course begin?
Me: August 01, 2021. 
@f1interviewreviews
VO: When do you want to fly to the US?
Me: By July 20 in order to abide by my university's quarantine requirements. 
VO: That's great. Please place 4 fingers of your right and left hand. 
Me: (does what she told) But not scanned properly... So done that again
VO: Your visa has been approved. You can collect it in 3-5 business days. Congrats!
Me: Thank you, you made my day. Take care 
VO:  You too!
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

June 11th
Emergency 8.00am
Chennai 
Status-APPROVED✅  
Duration :1 minute 

2 counters were open
University of Dayton

Me:Hello  Good morning sir 
VO: Good morning...pass me your passport and i20
Me:passed 
VO: What does your father ? Annual income
Me: xxxx
VO: What after masters ?
Me: I will come back to india and get enough experience and start my own startup 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: What kind of startup ?
Me: I am interested in computer graphics..so i will start in that field 
VO: any relatives ?
Me: no
VO: siblings?
Me: told 
Vo: im approving your visa ..you can collect in your pickup point 
Me: thank you sir ..have a good day 
Vo: you too ...all the best
@f1interviewreviews


June 11 2021 (1st Attempt)
Chennai Consulate( Regular Appointment)
Initially my VAC appointment got cancelled on May 30 at Hyderabad consulate.
Now Biometrics and Visa Interview is on same day
Slot:08:30 AM
Status: Approved✅
University of Texas at Arlington.
Completed my Biometrics at VAC at 07:50
Went to consulate at 08:00
Sent me inside at 08:50
Went to Visa Officer at 10:10
Interview duration: 45 secs
Visa officer is a great guy in mid 30's with a pleasant face.
He approved two people visas before mine.

Me: Good Morning officer 
VO: A very good morning. How are you?
Me: I am good sir. How are you?
VO: I am doing great. Please pass the passport 
Me: I passed I20, sevis receipt and Passport
VO: oh you passed all the docs. That's fine
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: What are you doing currently?
Me: I am unemployed. Before, I worked for a year as an Automation Engineer 
VO: Checked on the screen and said 'oh you resigned in Nov 2020'
Me: Yes sir
VO: So you are going to University of Texas at Arlington. How this degree helps you?
Me: This degree helps me to gain neccessary skills for becoming an AI engineer and Software developer. With that knowledge and expertise I will come back to india and apply for the respective jobs.
VO: As you said AI, which particular subject are you intrested in like language processing, machine learning. What do you like?
Me: I like Artificial Neural Networks sir!
VO: oh,that's nice. How are you funding your education?
Me: I have bank loan sanctioned for ×× lakhs and my family have savings of ×× lakhs. These are sufficient for my tuition fee and living expenses.
VO: Place your right hand four fingers on scanner. I am approving your visa. Collect passport after a week and you can travel to USA from a month before your program starts.
Me: Thank you very much sir. Thank you
VO: Thank you have a great day.
@f1interviewreviews

Visa experience:
Consulate: Chennai 
Appointment date and time: 11th June, 10:00am

http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
University- Stanford university 
Me: Good morning. 
VO: Please pass your passport and I-20. 
Me: Sure,here you go.
VO: what was your undergrad major?
Me: Mechanical Engineering
VO: Annual income of your sponsor?
Me: xx per annum 
VO: Place your left four fingers.
VO: Congratulations your visa has been approved.
@f1interviewreviews

Chennai 
June 8
Timings 8am
Arizona state university 
Approved

VO: Good morning, how are you doing today.
Me: Very good morning sir. I doing good. Thanks for asking.
VO: what are you doing? Are you working or studying?
Me: I am working as a xxx in xxx from last xx years.
VO: Great xxx. You are getting xxx salary per month. Why do you want to leave?
Me: yes sir I am earning, but I want to enhance my skills in vlsi design field, so I am doing my masters now.
VO: so you are telling vlsi design. How does your computer engineering program help you?
Me: sir in computer engineering, we have 4 specialisations, computer science, ee, applied mathematics & physical sciences. I will be choosing EE.
VO: what are you gonna do after masters.
Me: I would come back to India and I will take up my job.
VO: did you talk about this with your cilurrent employer?
Me: no sir this option is not available in my current company, currently I am in my notice period and I would take another job after my masters.
VO: great, how about funds?
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me: I have my savings of xxxx million INR which is good for my first year expenses and I have taken loan of xxxx million INR from hdfc Credila for the rest.
VO:could you please place your right hand 4 fingers on the scanner.
Me: sure sir.
VO: your visa is approved
Me: thank you sir(interrupted here)
VO: but remember you can’t travel before 30 days of your start date.
Me: sure sir. Thank you very much. You made my day.

VO did not move out an inch from my eye contact while I was answering. The whole process just took 15 min. But I waited outside the consulate for 45min. Interview around 3-4 min
@f1interviewreviews


Visa interview experience 
June 14 
Consular: Chennai (Regular appointment )
University : University of Central Missuori (UCM)
Status : approved ✅
Time : 8am 
Reached at 7am
In time : 7.50  //out time : 8.35
(( Only one counter is working ))
VO: Good morning 
Me : good morning officer 
Vo : pass me your passport 
Me : sure (done )
Vo: pass me your i20
Me : yes
Vo: ( looked into i20 for like 1minute  and typed something)
Vo : what is your father occupation 
Me : told 
Vo : What does your mother do?
Me : told 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo : do u have any bank loan ? 
Me : yes ( told the amount ) & I also have savings of xx lakhs 
Vo: So what's your parents annual income 
Me : it's xx Lakhs 
Vo: is it total income ?
Me : yes 
Vo : Okay, so y ucm?
Me : told about my intrest in ML specialization 
Vo: have u done any projects in ML
Me : told
Vo: any professor or research u are intrested in ?? 
Me : yes , told abt professor and his research in ML
Vo: so have u been in touch with him?
Me: no.(I was nervous at this point because I answered no ) 
Typed something
Vo: okay I'm approving your visa. Take your i20 and this slip. Told to read the slip and follow the instructions.
Me : thank you officer. Have a nice day.
@f1interviewreviews

15 June
Chennai
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- Wright state university

Me : Good morning officer
VO : good morning
VO : Hand me your passport & i20
VO : what's your father?
Me : he is in to construction business.
VO : what's his income?
Me : 16lak per annum
VO : which University?
Me : WSU
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO : why this university?
Me : firstly I was very much attracted towards its course curriculum where it offers core subjects with par with current software industry requirements. As I'm preferring AI as my area of concentration I found currently there is an active research work going on "Deep learning decision making vision robotics* and also this university has an extraordinary research laboratory....*interrupted*
VO : Your visa is approved
@f1interviewreviews

VO: American guy in his late 20s.
Only two counters were open. 
Consulate: Chennai(regular appointment)
In time: 8:00 AM
Out Time: 8:20 AM

Me: Good morning Sir, How are you? 
VO: Good Morning, I am doing good. Thanks. 
VO: Please pass me your I20 ( was typing something for a min)
VO: What is your current qualification? 
Me: I have completed my B.Tech in ECE and graduated in 2018.
VO: what is you gpa? 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me: I have a gpa of 9.03/10. 
VO: Thats pretty high(giggled) 
Me: Yeah it is! (giggled)
VO: Are your currently working?
Me: Yes, I am working for Dell Technologies for the past three years as a systems Engineer analyst. 
VO: Why university of arizona? 
Me: Told about the MIS coursework with BIA specialization, mentioned EDM, Eller Business consulting, research laboratories and ended saying its one of the top ranked MIS programs.
VO: What does your parents do?
Me: Answered
VO: what does your mother do?
Me: Answered
VO: how do you plan to fund your education?
Me: Majorly funded by a secured education loan as well as some family funds.
VO: What is your loan secured by? (collateral)
Me: Told
VO: How much is the family savings? 
Me: told XX lakhs 
VO: what are your future plans sir?
Me: I wish to come back to india and work in Data Engineer/BI developer roles for top indian companies, as these roles are in high demand here. 
VO: Place your right four fingers on the scanner, I am approving your visa. Enjoy your stay in the US.
Me: Thankyou so much sir, have a nice day 🙂
VO: Thanks, You too!
@f1interviewreviews

Appointment Date : 15/06/2021
Appointment Time : 08:30 am
Regular appointment
Consulate : Chennai
Visa Status : Approved ✅

Total Interview Duration : 1 - 2 min

There were 2 counters open.
The VO was a friendly lady. 

Me: Good morning officer.
VO: Good morning. Pass me your passport. 
(passed the same)
VO: What category of Visa are you applying for?
Me: I am applying for F1 visa
VO: Kindly pass me your i20 and sevis fee receipt.
( passed the same )
VO: What university are you going to go to?
Me: I am going to New York University, Tandon School of Engineering.
VO: What other universities did you get your admits? 
Me: (Answered 5 admits and listed out the university names.)
VO: So how will you be funding this?
Me: (Stated that I took an educational loan backed up by my father. Stated 1.5 times of my i20 amount.)
VO: I see you have a scholarship. How much is it? 

Me: (Stated the scholarship amount for the first year) 
VO: Congrats
Me: Thank you
VO: Are you excited?
Me: Yes
VO: Do you have friends and family in the United States?
Me: No
VO: Why did you choose this university? 
Me: ( explained that the coursework was better here than the other universities ) 
VO: Alright, please place your left four fingers on the scanner. I am approving your visa. You will receive your passport in 4-5 days. 
Me: Thank you for your time. 

Appointment date : 15th June 2021 
Appointment time : 9:30 AM 
Consulate : Chennai 
Status : Approved 
VO was a relatively young woman 
Me: Hi, good morning 
Vo: Good morning , which Visa? 
Me: F1 
Vo : Okay, which university? 
Me : Georgia Tech 
Vo : okay which course? 
Me : Masters in bioinformatics 
Vo: hmm what’s bioinformatics?
Me: explains
Vo: so it is an interdisciplinary field, nice 
Me : yes ma’am 
Vo: funds? 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me: Loan sanctioned of xxx , savings xxx and family annual income of xxx
Vo: okay and what does your father do? 
Me : Senior director at FedEx
Vo: Congratulations your visa ha been approved! 
Me : Thank youuuuu Ma’am!!.
@f1interviewreviews

15th June
MS in information technology at University of South Florida
Chennai (regular appointment)
Counter number 23
Vo in his late 20s
(2 counters open)
In time -9:30
Out time -10:30
Interview happened for 5 mins
3rd attempt(1st attempt in Hyderabad and 2nd in delhi for spring 2021, already started spring sem online )
Me:good morning
Vo-good morning
Pass me your i20 and passport
Was looking at monitor for some time(reading previous VO comments)
Vo-what is your father's income
Me-told
@f1interviewreviews
Vo-what does he do
Me-automobile business
Vo-do you have educational loan
Me-yes,XX lakhs from HDFC Bank
Vo-do you have any other savings
Me-told about cash assets and immovable assets
Vo-what is the security for the loan
Me-my house
Vo-what is your plan after masters
Me-ill come back to India and join a reputed company like Google or microsoft as cloud engineer
Vo-what is your loan amount (he asked again)
Me-told the amount
Started tying for a minute
Scan your 4 fingers and said my visa is approved
Me-Thank you.Have a good day.
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: American guy in his late 20s.
Only two counters were open. 
June 15th
Consulate: Chennai(regular appointment)
University: Njit - MIS
In time: 10:00 AM
Out Time: 10.20 AM

https://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Me: Good morning Sir, How are you? 
VO: Good Morning, I am doing good. Thanks. 
VO: Please pass me your passport & I20 ( was typing something for a min)
VO: When did you graduate?
Me: I graduated in the year 2017
VO: What were you doing after your undergrad ?
Me: After my UG, i got placed in XY company and worked for 3 years as X position. Currently i am working in ZY company as Y position.
VO: What is your father?
Me: My father is a retired bank manager. His total income is XYZ lpa. Mentioned about his income splitup.
VO: what are your plans after masters?
Me: I would like to come back and work in India. Also mentioned that i have to take care of my parents.
VO: Place your right four fingers on the scanner, I am approving your visa. Enjoy your stay in the US.
Me: Thankyou so much sir, have a great day 😊
VO: Thanks, You too!
@f1interviewreviews

16th June 
Chennai
Status-APPROVED ✅ 
Slot time: 8.30 AM
In time: 8:00 AM
Out time: 10:30 AM
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Interview Duration: less than a minute  
 Only 2 counters were open, counter number 21 and 23. The person who interviewed me was in counter 23. He was a very cool person. Didn't intimidate anyone. 
Purdue University 
MS in structural engineering
After greeting and passed my i20 and passport.
VO : What do your parents do?
Me : my father is an insurance advisor and he was previously into logistics and my mom has her own boutique and combined together they have an annual income of 30 lakhs.
VO : do you have any siblings
Me : I have a younger sister
VO : what is she doing?
Me: she is doing her degree in interior design management in India
VO: what are your future plans?
I want to come back to India after my master's and work with brigade or Sobha as a structural engineer and have my own consultancy in India.
VO: please place your right hand 4 fingers on the scanner. Your visa is approved. And passes me a green card and my i20. 
Me: thank you! Have a nice day.
VO: (chuckles) nice day to you too. Please carry your i20 when you travel.

@f1interviewreviews


16th June 
Chennai
Status-APPROVED ✅ 
Slot time: 8.30 AM
In time: 7:50AM
Out time: 10:30 AM
Interview Duration: 3 minutes approximately 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
 counter: 23 (American guy in late 20s/ early 30s, partially bald)
University: New York University 
Masters in Management of Technology 
After greeting and passed my i20 and passport.
VO : What do your parents do?
Me : my father is a retired businessman and mom is working in DRDO
VO : do you have any siblings
Me : I have a younger sister
VO: what are your future plans?
Me: I want to come back to India after my master's and after understanding product design and bridge it with managerial skills and apply for highest positions eventually initiate my own firm in automotive field 
VO: please place your right hand 4 fingers on the scanner. Your visa is approved. And passes me a green card and my i20. 
Me: thank you
VO:Please carry your i20 when you travel and all the best madam
@f1interviewreviews


17th June
Consulate - Chennai
Slot - 8.30 
Counter no - 23
Status - Approved
University - University of Wisconsin Milwaukee

Docs asked - passport, i20
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: When did you graduate?
Me: 2020

VO: What's your undergrad degree?
Me: It's Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science

VO: What do your parents do? 
Me: Spoke about my dad's occupation

VO: What does the company do?
Me: They manufacture adhesives

VO: Do you have a sibling?
Me: Yes, I have a younger brother

VO: What does he do?
Me: He's pursuing his undergrad in computer science 

VO: What are your future plans? 
Me: I'd like to make use of the OPT program and with this experience I'll come back to India to work as an ML Engineer

VO: Congratulations, your visa is approved!
@f1interviewreviews



17th June 
Chennai consulate
8:30 am slot
Computer engineer, utd 
Visa approved ✅
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews 

Reached at 7:45, entered consulate at 8, (no point in going too early, they will let you in only half hour prior to your slot. After security checks and everything, waited inside for 20 minutes approx before being send to the interview building. Everyone’s interview  while I was there went for around 5 -15 minutes. And everyone came out with a green slip so yayyy.
My background: my father is retired from 30 years of central government service and moms a house wife. I have 4 years of work experience with very little savings because I ate it or I spent it traveling so I had a tonnes of things to be worried about before the visa interview. My parents savings and little bit of my contribution got me 30 lakhs of liquid and 1.5 crores of assets. I carried all documents with me. I had atleast 3.5-5 kgs worth documents. 

Vo was an American guy in late 20s or early 30s 

Vo : good morning 
Me : good morning 
(Nervousness was clear)
He asked for my passport and i20.
I gave.

Vo: where did you do your undergrad from 
Me: I completed my bachelors in computer science and engineering from BVB
Vo: when
Me: 2017(stammering)
Vo: what did you do since then
Me : answered that I had a job but I quit on may 30(so in my ds160 I have filled that I am working and I was afraid if I say not working now would be an issue but I have trouble lying with a straight face and was worried about using “is” and “was” during explanation which would give away the slight Golmaal so just stuck to explaining him the situation.
And then I explained my role at my project
Vo: why utd
Me : (forgets everything I had prepared for this question) gave random answer about their credit structure and courses offered.

What does your father do: I told him the truth and explained that my parents have real estate which yields them rent and other sorts of income around 8-12lakhs per year. I had 6 months bank statement to explain this just in case he asks but he didn’t ask. I went on to explain my savings and my parents savings and real estate all in one question. He didn’t stop me from talking which made me wonder bald guy would never let me talk so much 😂 

He asked me what would you do after this is done. I explained I am happy with the work I was doing right now but I just want a much senior role and would come back to it.

Your visa is approved. He passed me the green slip and the moment I touch it, I saw nervous air evaporating from me. 

I can’t really say don’t be nervous because that won’t happen for most till they have received visa approval. Just be prepared in your own way and that would give you the confidence to answer. I knew I had back up documents to back everything I say which helped me :) good luck 

I hope this helps :)
@f1interviewreviews

18th june 
Chennai
Approved
10am

Male around 40 years
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Vo: Which university are you going?
Me: Northern Illinois university

Vo: Where is it located?
Me: Dekalb, Illinois

Vo: Diration of your course?
Me : 2 years

Vo: What will be the degree u get when you complete your graduation?
Me: masters in management information system.

Vo: What are your plans after graduation?
Me: Work as a senior SAP developer in India.

Vo: how are your funding your course?
Me: I have an education loan of  30 lakhs and savings of 20 lakhs.

Vo: I see your have travelled to europe, where did you go and what for?
Me: I went to represent my college in the international competition.

Vo: place your right hand on the scanner. 
Your visa approved, you can collect your visa in 2-3 days.

Me: Thank you.
@f1interviewreviews

June 17 - Biometrics at Chennai 
June 18 -Chennai Consulate
University: University of Minnesota Twin cities, Electrical and computer engineering
Slot time:  9:00am, I was let in at 8:50 and was out by 9:15

7 counters were operational,
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

My counter no. was 31,
VO was an aged American probably in his late 30s.

VO: Hii there, Good morning.. pass me your passport and I20 please.
Me: Good morning officer.. Sure..
VO was typing something for few seconds. 
And then turns to me and begins questioning me
VO: where are you planning to go to? ( with a bright smile) 
Me: I plan to attend The University of Minnesota sir, (smiled back at him) 
VO: what do you plan to study(smiling pleasantly at me) 
ME: I intend to do my Masters in electrical and computer engineering. 

VO was staring at my i20 for a minute and I stepped in to clarify that the i20 major and the one my department offers are different.. 
VO: oh ok( with a mild laugh) 
VO:  Which city are you planning to go to
Me: Minneapolis sir, there's the St. Paul's campus as well but I'll be heading to the Minneapolis campus.

VO: oh that's great(with a bright smile again) 

He then asked me to hold on for a moment and stepped aside to watch some news report on the television there.. Some random news that just came up got him inquisitive.. 
He then headed back and started typing for like a minute or so. 
VO: So how are you gonna pay for your grad school? 
Me: well my parents have saved up for me sir( Vo interrupts me) 
VO: What do your parents do? 
ME: my mother's a Home maker sir and My Father heads the sales team for the country at a German based Pharmaceutical firm. He is the National sales manager. 
VO: Where is your father's work place at? 
ME: he works at Bangalore sir, 
VO: Oh so you stay at Bangalore? 
ME : yes sir I'm put up at Bangalore. 
VO: oh great so do you hve a loan( I just pitched in at that moment) 
ME: yes sir i do have a loan approved that amounts to 20Lacs and my parents have their savings and fixed deposits that sums upto 42Lacs.
VO:Oh that's good... So Have you Purchased your winter clothes ( laughing) 
ME: (Laughed back) oh yeah Minnesota gets pretty cold.. I'll probably  be Buying it over there sir. 
VO: Great! (Laughed back) ..
And then he legit starts typing for like 2 minutes again 

VO: it's a good school ( I knew I'd have it approved when he told this) .. All the best.. Your visa is approved congratulations..  

He then gave me basic instructions and asked me to place my right hand fingers for some verification ig.. 

VO: good luck to you(with a pleasant smile )  See you at Minnesota.. 
 ME: thank you sir.. You just made my day..It was pleasant talking to you... 
VO: it was nice talking to you too.. Good luck.. Bye bye.. 

Guys... Have your docs in place and just show up with a calm and pleasant demeanour.. That should ease the ambience.. Although the tone of your conversation depends on the VO.. Stay confident and it should be over before you know it...
@f1interviewreviews

interview experience
date - 18 june
consulate - chennai
Time: 8:00am
counter - 23
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
University:- Georgia State University
Course:- Data science and analytics
✅approved

There was some issue with my DS160. 
DS scan didn't work
I went back to my hotel, filled it again, took print and submitted the new DS 160.

looked at my i-20

vo: what is your cgpa in undergraduation
me : 8.2 on the scale of 10

vo: what is your father's profession ?
me: pharmaceutical business (explained)

vo: His income? 
Me: 18lpa

Vo: what are your future plans
Me: told

Vo: Tell me about your funds
Me: secured education loan of 35 lakhs and my father have15 lakhs in his savings for my masters + 15k scholarship from the University

Vo:- Can you tell me your cgpa again ?
Me: 8.2

vo: congratulations your visa is approved!

Note:- Make sure that your preferred location in your DS160 is same as your consulate location
@f1interviewreviews

My Interview Experience
18 June 2021
Chennai Consulate (EA)
Status: Approved ✅
Slot time: 8:00 am
In time: 7:45 am
Out time: 11:00 am

North Carolina State University
Masters in Computer Science

Counter: 23 (American guy, partially bald, early 30s)

VO: Good morning
Me: Good morning Sir
VO: Pass me your passport
Me: Passed it
VO: Your I20 please
Me: Passed it

VO: (scans the sticker put on Passport during OFC) It's not scanning, you need to goto counter 19

Counter 19: The staff speaks something in Tamil and basically said I will mail Kolkata office and get your DS160 transferred.

After one hour, they told I need to go out, fill a new DS160 and come back before 12.

Went back to my hotel. Receptionist says he can't give desktop for private use. :/ Started walking randomly and asked people about nearest computer center in half Tamil half English 😅

Finally found one place where I started filling new DS 160 from scratch. But my counselor took over and generated a new DS160 using old one and had to fill in only few fields.
Updated the same in CGI site.

Rushed back to the consulate in the scorching heat.

Counter 19:
She scanned and verified my new DS160 and sticked the new barcode to my passport.
Asked for my photographs. Since I didn't have, they took one in the same counter.

They told me goto the same counter as before.

Waited for 30min again and
Counter 23:
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: Good morning
Me: Hello again. Good morning sir.
VO: Pass me your passport and I20.
Me: passed it
It scanned properly this time. Big relief.

VO: When did you graduate and university? 
Me: Told
VO: What have you been doing since then?
Me: I'm working with XXX as a senior software engineer. I develop security related applications for our products making sure they are safe from threats and vulnerabilities.
VO: What do your parents do?
Me: (Explained about the business)
VO: How much do they earn?
Me: 10lpa
VO: What do you want to do after Masters?
Me: I will come back to India. And apply for roles like XXX or YYY. There is a lot of demand for security engineers here in India, etc...
VO: Do you have any siblings?
Me: Yes, I have an younger brother.
VO: Since how long your parents are doing this business?
Me: From a very long time, it was started by my grandfather.
VO: Do they have any savings?
Me: Yes, they are sponsoring me with xxx. I have personal saving of yyy. And have taken an education loan of zzz.
VO: Is the loan a collateral one?
Me: It's an unsecured loan. Non collateral.
VO: Do you have any property?
Me: Yes we have immovable assets worth xxx. (He carefully listened to all the figures I told)
VO asked me to scan left four fingers, right four fingers and thumbs.
VO: I'm approving your visa. Make sure to carry your I20 with you. (Gives me the green slip along with I20) You will receive your passport in a few days time.
Me: Thank you. Have a good day.
VO: You know you can't work with this visa, right?
Me: Yes, I know. It's for students.
VO: Alright.

PS: except for the DS160 confusion it was a short interview. He didn't check any documents. I didn't have the patience to give long crafted answers. Was tired and gave short replies. Just make sure to fill a new DS160 before your interview and avoid these troubles.
@f1interviewreviews

21 June
Chennai
Status-APPROVED 
Slot time: 8:30
In time: 7:30
Out time: 9:20
Interview Duration: 2-3 mins
VO was an Afro-American lady in her late twenties
Univ: Wright State University

Me : Good morning officer
VO :  Good morning.Please pass your passport, i20 and SEVIS fee receipt
Me: (Passed her my passport, i20, SEVIS fee receipt)
VO : Are you going for Master's or Bachelor's?
Me : Master's
VO: Which type of Visa are you applying for?
Me: F1 - Student Visa
VO: Okay, which university?
Me: Wright State University
VO: Okay, which course?
Me: Computer Science
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Why this university?
Me: I want to take up Data Science related projects further in my career. WSU offers subjects related to DS like Data Analytics, Machine Learning and Advanced Databases which I'd like to learn..( VO interrupts )
VO: Okay, what are your funds?
Me: I have an education loan worth xx lakhs, scholarship worth xx USD, family savings worth xx lakhs and immovable assets worth xx amount.
VO: Is your loan from a private bank or a public bank?
Me: It's from HDFC, a private bank
VO: What are your plans after graduation?
Me: I plan to come back to India and settle down with my family while working as a Data Scientist at my current organization Capgemini.
VO: Place your left hand four fingers on the scanner, I'm approving your Visa.
Me: Thank you officer!
(VO hands a green slip)
@f1interviewreviews


Chennai consulate
University: Rutgers MSCS
Slot 8:00 am
In time: 7 45 am
Out time: 8 45 am
Interview duration: 30-60s approx
Status: Approved ☑️
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO was a slightly bald, blonde haired male

VO: Give me your passport sir.
Me: Good morning officer.(gave my passport)
VO: GM to you too. Please pass your i20. 

--I passed it. No points for guessing

VO: What is your current degree? 
Me: I have a BE in Electronics and communication engineering. 
VO: what do your parents do? 
Me: My father works as XX at ZZ. Mother is a house wife. 
VO: What are your plans? 
Me: I am planning to go to rutgers for a masters in computer science. Later I plan to come back to India and find a job in bangalore where my wife works currently 

VO: I'm approving your visa. Place left hand 4 fingers on the scanner. Carry your i20 while travelling.
@f1interviewreviews

21 June
Chennai
Status-APPROVED ✅
Slot time: 9:00
In time: 9:30
Out time: 10:30
Interview Duration: 2-3 mins
VO was a white guy in his thirties 
Uni: University of Texas at Dallas
OFC: 18 june, Chennai

*I received an email from chennai consulate yesterday saying that they cannot process my ds160 due to technical issues and I need to submit a new ds160 with chennai as the location. My earlier ds160 was at new delhi.
My biometrics was done with the old ds160.*

At counter 21, The VO told that the barcode on my passport wasn’t working. I was sent to counter 19 and the officer took my photo and applied a new sticker on my passport 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Me : Good morning officer
VO :  Good morning.Please pass your passport, i20. 
(Didn’t ask for sevis recipt)
Me: (Passed him my passport, i20)
VO : Tell me about your bachelors?
Me: completed BE in CSE from XX university
VO: when did you complete your bachelors?
Me: 2019
VO: What does your father do?
Me: works as xx with state govt
VO: Father’s salary?
Me: xx lpa
VO: how much savings does your family have
Me: XX lakhs of liquid funds
VO: okay, do you have any other source of funds?
Me: yes, I have got sanctioned an education loan of XX lakhs from SBI
VO: What are your plans after graduation?
Me: I want to come back to India and work with a start up. I see lot of opportunities in start ups especially with the start up boom in india.
VO: Place your left hand four fingers on the scanner, then right hand four finger and then both thumbs together(maybe since I submitted a new ds160), I'm approving your Visa. Carry your i20 during immigration.
Me: Thank you officer! Have a nice day!
(VO hands a green slip)
@f1interviewreviews


21-06-21
Consulate - Chennai
Slot - 10:00 AM (Regular Appointment)
Interview time : 10-15 mins
Status - Approved✅
University - Portland State University

I was waiting in the line for almost 1 and half hour.
Vo was a guy in his 40's

Me : Good Morning Officer
Vo : ya good morning. How your doing?
Me : Im doing great

Vo : what is your academic qualification?
Me : I completed my btech in electronics and communication engineering at klef, guntur

Vo : which year?
Me : 2019
After one minute...
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Vo : what are your future plans?
Me : After the completion the course i will return to india as there are many top companies like intel, qualcomm, nvidia offering roles like Design and verification engineer.
     I am single child to my parents. So i will return to india and look after them.

Vo : Who is funding for your education ? 
Me : My parents are funding for my education. Im having a education loan of 30 lakhs from sbi which is a public sector bank. My parents are having savings of 50 lakhs. We are also having the immovable assets worth 1cr. I hope that these are pretty much enough for my course study...i.e, for tution fees, living expenses and returning to india.

Vo : what is your father ?
Me : My father is a govt employee...working as Assistant manager in APSRTC.

Vo : What is his annual income ? 
Me : 12 Lpa

Vo : What is your Mother ?
Me : she is a home maker.

Vo : Do you have any other sponsers ?
Me : No

Vo : How did you have 50 lakhs savings with Annual income of 12Lpa ?
Me : ( I was not expecting this question). He is having 33 years of experience. So had some savings. We kept some amount with gold. He took some from PF( provident fund) which he gets after the retirement. So combinedly it was 50 lakhs.

Vo : How did you get the loan ? 
Me : Its the educational loan based on collateral.

Vo : How many assets are there ?
Me : 1 flat, 3 plots

Vo : How did you get these ? 
Me : Two plots are from my  mothers ancestors. One flat and plot was bought by my father.

Vo : Do you get any income from assets ?
Me : No

Vo : Then how you are having that much of savings ?
Me : (Explanation was gone for almost 3-4 mins. Told him about the PF). Atlast i told that i can show you the documents of every asset i addressed.
Vo was not fully satisfied with my answer. Saw the computer screen for 1minute. I didnt have the confidence for the approval.

Vo : What is your undergrad cgpa ?
Me : my undergrad cgpa is 8.3

Vo : Im not giving the visa for work.
Me : what? I didnt get it.
He repeated again and i said ok ( His intention was only for study purpose)

Vo : Your visa is approved
Me : Thank you. Have a great day.

Note : My suggestion is to be thorough with your financial status and docs.
@f1interviewreviews




