19 April (1st Attempt)
New Delhi
Status: APPROVED ✅

Univ- Atlantis university

VO:Hi
Me:Hi, Good Morning.
VO:Could you please give me your passport and I-20.
Me:Sure.
VO:So, could you tell me about the university?
Me: spoke about the hospitality management, professors, course structure and research output.

VO: do you have any curriculum experience?
Me: yes, I have worked in trident hotel hotel BKC for 3 yrs

VO:Okay is this the only university you applied for ?
Me: no, I have also applied for the other  universities
VO:have you got rejected in any?
Me: no sir
VO: who is going to sponsor you for education?
Me: father and brother
they're business man, and my father also have the savings of xxx and so is my brother.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: what business your father and brother owns ?
Me: explained him about it.
VO: what is the annual income of your father?
Me: xxxx per year.
VO: do you have any realtives in the USA ?
Or do you know anyone?
Me: no one sir.
VO: okay, congratulations your visa is approved and you will receive your passport within some business days.
Me: thank you so much!!
@f1interviewreviews


19 April
New Delhi
Slot Time: 09:50 AM
Status-APPROVED ✅

University-Sjsu
VO was a chilled out guy, in late 20s or early 30s.

VO: Good morning!
Me: Good morning!
VO: Pass me your passport and I20
Me:Given
VO: So,SJSU. Good. Why have you chosen this?
Me: Their coursework and research opportunities are perfectly streamlined to help me in my professional growth. And I’ve been following the work of <professor 1> and <professor 2> for some time and they’ve done amazing work, so excited to learn from them.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: How many colleges did you apply for?
Me: 8
VO: (Didn’t hear clearly) Sorry, what?
Me: I applied for 8 universities
VO: In how many were you admitted?
Me: 4. <Named them>
VO: Who is paying for your studies?

Me: My father is my sponsor.
VO: What is his profession?
Me: He is a <role>.

VO: Can you put your left fingers on the scanner.
VO: Congratulations, your visa has been accepted. You can collect it in 3 days.
Me: Thank you!
@f1interviewreviews


Under Graduate
19 April
Delhi (1st attempt )
Status-Approved ✅

Uni : Indiana state university
Counter No. 15
Vo: American guy 30

Vo: pass me you i20 and passport
Me: morning sir
Vo:morning

Vo:why isu ?
Me: sir there are many reasons to choose this uni , since my dream to become a buss executive so this uni provides me dual specialisation in economics and finance and they are also known for there doctor and research based uni where they have a tie up with organisations like investment club , American marketing association where even at a undergraduate level they provide opportunity to research and enquiries like talking about the investment club where group of students learn from the professionals how to make a good investments and how to take over from bad investment and how products are sale purchase in market which really gives them life changing experience from the field
Vo: so apart from indiana uni how many another universities you applied
Me: apart from isu I applied in another three universities, shall i name them?
Vo: yes
Me : potland state university , michigan flint , lorence technological uni .
f1interviewreviews
Vo: who going to fund you
Me: my father is going to sponsor me
Vo: how
Me:well sir he runs the successful business of real estate and he is coloniser from where he draws annual income of XX lakhs and he has a separate savings of XX lakhs only for my higher education
Vo:typing one minute
Vo: place your right hand fingers
Your visa is approved
Me:Thanks sir
Me: sir! When i get my passport?
Vo: within 5 working days
Me : ok thanks
@f1interviewreviews

19 April
New Delhi
Slot time: 11:00 AM
Status-APPROVED ✅

VO was Eating a sandwich

Me: Good Morning officer
VO: gm sir
Me.: Sorry did I disturb you in your meal
VO: No
VO: pass me i20 and passport
Me: I passed it.
VO: looks like you were in the USA before?
Me: yes, I was in the USA from 2013 to 2020
VO: then why the USA again
Me: To Pursue Masters 
VO: wow, you mean double masters?
Me: with a smile (can't see as I was on the mask) Yes, sir
VO: graduated from NYIT?
Me: yes, Proudly from NYIT
VO: Which course 
Me: Electrical and computer engineering
VO: you are currently working right will you company ok with it?
Me: they gave me a green signal to purse masters
VO: what is your role in the company
Me: I am Sr. SQA Enginner.
VO: what course now?
Me: Master's in data science
VO: wow. I love that subject
me: great
VO: did you pay off your first master's Loan?
Me: yes, my dad paid off 
VO: what is your dad?
Me: He is into business
VO: What business can you explain to me that business 
Me: Sure explained
VO: So, he gives loans to others. Why don't you take a loan from your dad
Me:If I take it from dad, he doesn't ask me to pay it back, and I feel lazy in paying it back. If I get it from Another bank, I will have a responsibility to payoff
Vo: which bank gave you a loan?
Me: spoke
VO: for first masters? 
Me: union bank of India
VO: why did you apply there now?
Me: I tried with a different bank.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: how much loan did they approve?
Me: spoke 
VO: what's your mom
Me:
Vo: tell me about NYIT
Me:
Vo: you were on h1b.
Me: yes, I was on h1band came back to India to apply for F1
Vo: not interested in working in the USA?
Me: not interested to work 
VO: Been to other states in the USA??
Me: I traveled 48 states so far in the USA
VO: WOW, what are the other two states leftover?
Me: Hawaii and North Dakota.
VO: well, I am approving your visa based on your attitude and set to do second masters.
Congrats, I am approving your visa.
Me: thank you officer
@f1interviewreviews

5th April (1st Attempt)
New Delhi
Status - APPROVED ✅

Univ - Duke University

VO- What visa are you applying for?
Me - F1
VO- Which university and course?
Me - I'm going to Duke University to pursue Masters in Quantitative Management - BA
VO- Did you give any tests like SAT?
Me- I appeared for GRE.
VO- What was your score?
Me- 318
VO- How will you fund your education?
Me- I have secured a scholarship worth xx. Took a loan worth xx and my parents will support me with their liquid funds worth xx. Also, if required we have assets worth xx.
VO- I'm approving your visa. Please collect it in 4-5 days and quarantine yourself in the US.
@f1interviewreviews

April 7th
Delhi (No attempt details)
Slot Time : 11am 
Status : APPROVED ✅
Uni: Cleveland state university

Lady in mid 30’s counter no 14. She approved my friend and I too went somehow to her and it lasted for 45 sec to 1 min

Me : Good morning mam
VO : good morning. Pass me your passport and i20
Me : passed
VO : why are going to Cleveland
Me : to Pursue masters in computer science
VO : why csu
Me : Mam I have two reason. Firstly, I want to learn in depth in the field of advance operating system. All my other admits offer me this course but Cleveland has a unique combination of subjects like .. VO interrupted
VO : how are funding
Me : I have secured loan of xx lacks and savings of xx and fixed deposit of xx and also xx of fixed deposit
VO : what’s the difference between fixed deposit and savings?
Me : fixed deposit is keeping money fixed in bank for some tenure of months like 1 or 2 years . I will use them for my second year fee
VO : okay. What’s your fathers income ?
Me : XX lacks per year
VO : I’m approving your visa
Me : thank you Mam
VO : you are good to go.
@f1interviewreviews


8th April
Delhi (1st attempt)
Slot Time: 8 am
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ Wright State University
Counter :18
Vo was 30yrs man

Vo: come forward
Me: Good morning sir
Vo: Hi..pass me I20 and passport
Me:yes sir
Vo: So, you are going to wright state university. Why did you choose this?
Me: I have considered many factors to choose wright state university, the first and major one among them is about the course, subjects & curriculum. I wanted to do specialization in AI & ML. Wright state university is providing many courses in these fields from which I can choose. Some of the courses I wanted to do are Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, Soft Computing, Robotics. (Vo interrupted)
VO: how about your funding ?
Me: I have Education loan that covers my entire course and living expenses for 2 years. Apart from that i have savings of 12L sponsored majorly by my parents and a little by myself. I also have scholarship of 10k dollars from the university.
VO: So what does your parent do? (Typing something..)
Vo: My father is a Central Government Employee. He works for Postal department.(He noded his head like he is convinced with my financials)
Vo: Please put your left fingers on the scanner. I am approving your visa
Me: Thank you so much sir.
@f1interviewreviews


12 April
Delhi
Slot time: 10:00am
Status-APPROVED ✅
Univ-UCM

VO: Good morning
Me: Good morning officer, how are you doing?
VO: Can you pass your passport and I20?
Me: Sure officer, just a sec
VO: Which University?
Me: University of Central Missouri Officer
VO: Why UCM?
Me: said about professors and elective.
VO: You are working in TCS?
Me: I used to, now I am with Infosys.
f1interviewreviews
VO: You will be leaving your job then?
Me: Depends on the visa approval officer. I might take sabbatical if visa is approved.
VO: Who is sponsoring you?
Me: My brother, he is a senior consultant in Oracle.
VO: So, you haven’t applied for any loan?
Me: No Officer, I have my savings.
VO: Please place your fingers.
Me: ...
VO: Your visa is approved...have a good time.
Me: Thank you Officer, have a good day!
@f1interviewreviews

Undergrad
12th April
New Delhi(First attempt)
Slot time : 09:30am
Status : APPROVED✅

Univ-Indiana State University
Counter : 12
Officer : 28-30 yrs old Indian guy

VO: Hey good morning!!
Me: Good morning sir.
VO: Put your left hand fingers on the scanner
Me: ok sir.let me sanitize first
VO: pass me your i20,passport and sevis slip
Me: here you go sir.(passed)
VO: which University are you heading for?
Me: Its Indiana State University sir.
VO: Why this university ?
Me: Officer as I am a artificial intelligence and robotics enthusiast,this university was providing me specially designed curriculum with a parallel specialization of both computer science interest and information technology.This will also give me mastery on concepts like sensors,computer languages,machine learning and extra
VO: typing typing typing.........for 40-45 sec
VO: which other universities did u applied than this?
Me:University of Mississippi,Lawrence technological University,University of michigan flint.
f1interviewreviews
VO: Why only this university?
Me: Officer,the department of robotics is very advance in this university and all the latest technology is also equipped in the labs of this university.Apart from that Dr. Jeff kinne recently invented the cleaning bot working on sensors to clean the homes.This technology is also getting adapted in India.
VO: typing for 30-40 sec
VO: whats your SAT score?
Me: Officer,my university conducts their own placement test which is called keplin test.Its totally based on mathematics and english.Students have to give this test  after they reach University campus.(he was listening, so i continued). Officer actually i discussed everything with our international student advisor Mrs. Maria Chaqra . Even she also suggested as in 2020 the SAT's were not available and due to pandemic it wasn't even convenient also.
VO: who is sponsoring you?
Me:  My father.
VO: what does he do?
Me: He is a well known architect in our city.
VO: How will he sponser you?
Me: explained
VO: Does he works in a company?
Me: No officer,He owns ths company.About 11 to 12 people work under him
VO: Your visa is approved
Me: thank you officer you made my day.
@f1interviewreviews


14 April (3rd attempt)
Delhi
Slot time: 10:30am
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ-Cleveland State University
Counter no. 16
Vo was a lady in her early 30's

VO: Good morning
Me: Good morning officer, how are you doing?
VO: Can you pass your passport and I20?
Me: Sure officer, just a sec
VO: For what reason have you selected this course and the universities ?
Me: while I was searching for the universities there I get to know about this university that it is one of the finest research University and it offers co-op program for graduate students and also the course curriculum of this university is structured in such a way that it offer concern in advancement of course like artificial intelligence, machine learning and data analytics which aligns with my area of interest.
VO: why are you interested in this subjects ?
Me: I really like the artificial intelligence designed by Google and Amazon .
f1interviewreviews
VO: why do you like them ?
Me: I like the way they response to our questions.
VO: How you will manage your funds ?
Me: we are having xxx savings and my family income is xxx.
VO: What does your parents do ?
Me: sad about my father's occupation and my mothers business.
VO: wait for a while.
Me: She was typing.....
VO: Give me your Ds 160 ?
Me: Gave
VO: keep your finger on the scanner.
Me: i scanned my fingers, then she took my i 20 and took a xerox of it and came back.
Vo: You are good to go, Your visa is approved, and gave my i 20 back.
Me: Thank you maam, have a nice day.
(She kept my DS 160, she didn't return it to me back)
@f1interviewreviews


14th April
Delhi
Slot Time : 11:45am
Status: APPROVED ✅

Univ- Missouri stare University, Springfield
Counter: 12

VO: Hey good morning!!
Me: Good Morning.
VO: pass me your passport and I20
Me: yeah sure sir and gave them
VO: why MSU?
Me: MSU is a public research University. It offering highly advanced courses like artificial intelligence, machine learning, data mining which align my area of interests(he interrupted)
VO: again he asked me to repeat which areas do you like?
(I'm shocked)data science, data mining, data analytics
VO: who's sponsoring?
Me: My parents are sponsoring my education. I have a loan of 40L and MSU is offering me 10000$ of scholarship (he interrupted)
VO: what do your parents do?
Me: Told my father and mother's occupation and their income
VO: how much u got a scholarship?
Me: 10,000$ sir
VO: how many universities you applied to?
Me: Texas A and M commerce and MSU
f1interviewreviews
VO: you got i20 from texas A and M (commerce )?
Me: yes sir
VO: why Missouri why not texas?
Me: (I didn't prepare for this question)
In MSU, here computer science department providing a collaborative research program and that will helps me to enhance my skills about the subject.
And texas A and M is in a rural area and this MSU is in urban so here I can explore more culture.
(What came to my mind I told at that time)
VO: Your visa is approved
Me: Thank you so much, Sir
@f1interviewreviews



19 April
2nd attempt New Delhi ( 1st Mumbai spring 21 )
Slot time: 9:50 AM 
Status-APPROVED ✅ fall 21


VO was looking behind .. on one in front of me .. gave me signal to come forward. 

Me: Good Morning
VO: pass me your passport and i20
Me.: Okay
VO: are you going for Illinois State University . 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me: yes, 
VO: why this university
Me: due to the course structure 
VO: what about funding ?
Me: my saving + equation loan + some part of dad saving 
VO: what ur father do ?
Me: he works in the bank for 30years as manager and now retired. 
VO: typeing for 2min
VO: slide passport in a box and your visa is approved  
Me: thank you … My i20 please
@f1interviewreviews


23rd April (1st Attempt)
Delhi
Slot time - 10 am
Status - APPROVED ✅

Counter number-10
Univ- Cleveland state university 

Me: Good morning
VO: Good morning
Pass your i-20 and passport
Me: passed
VO: scanned by back side of passport and asked where is your VAC done
Me: Hyderabad
VO: ok now i am going to give you passport and i-20 will be with me and will call after sometime please wait
Me: ok

In the mean while he(vo) took other 3 members interviews.
Later on VO called me

VO: Morning again could you please pass your passport
Me: Passed
VO: Currently what are you doing?
Me: Unemployed and wanted to pursue my masters
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: which course in UG
Me: bachelor’s in computer science
VO:Any work experience
Me:working as role(xxx) name in xxx company
VO: asked about my duties regarding role (what does xxx do?)
Me: explained and little bit fumbled
VO: Do you know how much its costs for your applied university?
Me: mentioned same which is available in I-20
VO: who is sponsoring you?
Me: Father
VO: what does your father do?
Me: xxxx
VO typed and after few seconds he dropped passport into box and returned I-20 by saying your visa has been approved 
Me: thank you sir have a nice day
VO: it will take 2 weeks to collect the passport
Me: okay sure thank you
@f1interviewreviews

22nd April (1st Attempt)
Delhi
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- Pennsylvania state university

VO- Good Morning, please come forward.
Me- Good Morning.
Vi - please pass the password and documents.
Me - passed the passport and i20, ds160, email confirmation and sevis receipt
VO- Which Place are you going ?
Me- Pennsylvania State University in Pennsylvania.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO- Why did you chose this course n University?
Me- The course is aligned to experience prefessionals to get advance knowledge in the **** course.

VO- Who is sponsoring you?
Me- I have availed an education loan and also my father & brother are sponsoring me .
VO- what do they do ?
Me- Father has retired and brother is working in * as a  ** .

VO- Thank you, you can collect the documents.
Me- Thank you Sir , So is it approved?
Vo - yes it's approved
@f1interviewreviews

14th April
Delhi (First attempt)
Slot time: 09:10am
Status: APPROVED✅ 

Univ- University of New haven 
Officer : around 35 yrs officer 
Counter : 6 

Me: Good morning officer
VO: Good morning 
Me:  I passed  my  I20, passport without asking him 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Have you been working?
Me: Yes sir. I am working as a engineer in xxx company 

VO: Please tell me your University research topics?
Me:  They are doing a grate researches in my field like xxxx. And also I explained one of professor in my field. 
VO: how you pay this much amount? 
Me:   My parents are my sponsorers for my education. They have savings amount of xxx lacks and I secured loan for the amount of xxx lacks and also I got 20% scholarship.  All this amount is sufficient for my master.

VO: put your left hand fingers on the scanner 
VO:  I am approving tour visa
Me: Thank you.Thank you so much officer
@f1interviewreviews

1 June 2021
New Delhi(Regular Appointment)
Slot Time : 11:00 AM
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ: University of North Texas
Counter No : 15

Me : GM Sir
VO : GM, Pass me your Passport,I20,Sevis Fee Receipt 
Passed 
VO : Please place your fingers on the scanner for verification
Me : Sure (Placed)
VO: Why are you going to this university
Me: It is one of the largest public research universities. And a lot of research is going there and they do have 6 labs dedicated to artificial intelligence which is my area of interest(VO interrupted)
VO: Why AI
Me : Since my under graduation I’m interested in this as I’ve done many projects regarding machine learning (VO again interrupted)
VO : Diff between AI and ML
Me: Ml is a part of AI. In detail ML and (VO interrupted)
VO : When did you graduated??
Me : In sept 2020
VO : What are you doing since then??
Me : After completion of my under graduation, I started the process of my master’s and applied to the universities and then after I’m doing some courses related to my master’s.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO : What’s your under graduation percentage??
Me : 7.66 out of 10 GPA
VO : Have you written any tests like GRE, SAT??
Me : Yes, sir I’ve written Gre
VO : What’s your score in that??
Me : 304
VO : How are you going to manage your funding??
Me : My family is going to sponser me as they have an annual income of xx lakhs(VO interrupted again)
VO : What’s your family doing??
Me : My father is a farmer and my mother is having a small (again interrupted)
VO : How many acres do your father own??
Me : 4 acres and ( again interrupted)
VO  : Do your father only earn xx lakhs per annum??
Me : No, Its my family annual income.
VO : how many universities did u apply to?
ME : 6
VO : What are they??
Me:University of cincinnati,University of maine,Colorado State univ,Univ of north texas,Northern Arizona univ,Univ of Missouri st louis
VO : Your visa is approved.
ME : Thank you. 
VO : Told me all the rules and Have a safe journey
Me : Thank you and have a good day
@f1interviewreviews

1st June
Delhi
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- Drexel University

Me- Good morning officer
VO- Good morning, please hand me your passport and i20
Me- handed the documents 
VO- why do you choose this university ?
Me- I choose this university, bcse it has a very good course structure. I am very passionate abt credit field in the finance which includes credit analysis, credit modelling, valuation and the Quantitative finance course from Drexel is offering me an in-depth understanding in these area. Plus i am also exited to gain this knowledge from professor xxxx , who is one of the pioneer in this field.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO- how are planning to source your finance ?
Me- I received scholarship from the university, plus i have saving from my past working experience and for the rest my father will be sponsoring me.
VO- What is your current salary? 
Me- Told my salary in dollars
VO- when did you complete your graduation?
Me- 2009
VO- what u r doing since then!
Me- Told the VO about my certificate course and past companies i worked in.
VO- what your GRE score?
Me- GRE is exempted by the university
VO- she typed for a min
VO- congratulations your visa is approved
@f1interviewreviews


June 2
Delhi ,
(Regular appointment)
Status- APPROVED ✅

Univ- NYU

VO- Good morning
Me- Good morning sir! 
VO - what visa are you applying for?
Me- I'm applying for F1 visa
VO - pass me your Passport and I20
VO - let's do your biometric first
VO- so why did you choose NYU?
Me - NYU is one of the 20 best  universities for CS.
I have started one course this spring from India and I really liked the well balanced course structure which they provide.
I want to take courses under professor Yann LeCunn since he’s the recipient of the prestigious Turing award and it would thus be a great learning experience.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO - when did you graduate?
Me - 2017
VO - what were you doing from then
Me - I was working as a sde at Cerner healthcare, then switched to a startup Authorcafe and also did a course from NYU this spring 21.
VO - who is sponsoring your education?
Me - my father
VO - what does he do?
Me - told the designation and company
VO- what does the company do ?
Me - 
VO - ok approving your visa.
Me - thank you so much. Have a great day!
@f1interviewreviews

June 2
New Delhi
Slot time-11:00am
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- UTA

Vo: Good morning 
Me: good morning sir
Vo: what is purpose for visiting us?
Me: to pursue my masters in business analytics at univ texas at Arlington 
Vo: why only this university?
Me: 24:1 ratio  public research course flexibility capstone project 15 faculty in NAI.
Vo: Have you applied any other univ what are they?
Me: Have applied for five universities . UTA,Uni of central oklohoma, Univ of new haven,
Univ of bridgeport ,Arizona state univ.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: How many admits did you get ?
Me: I have got three admits and the other two are in review
Vo: how are you going to manage the expenses for the masters?
Me: i have a sanctioned loan of amount 40l from sbi and personal savings of 30l
Vo: is it your own or father’s?
Me: father’s 
VO: do you have any siblings?
Me: yes , i have one elder sister working in shell
VO : is she working in US shell?
Me: no she is working in Bangalore 
VO: do you plan stayback there?
Me : no
Vo: Your visa has been approved 
No NIE is required thankyou
@f1interviewreviews

June 2
Delhi ,
(Regular appointment)
Status- APPROVED ✅
Time : 11:00 am 

Univ- University of Texas at Dallas

VO- Good morning
Me- Good morning Ma’am! 
VO - pass me your Passport and I20
VO- Please place your left 4 fingers on the scanner.
Me - okay Ma’am!
VO- why do you want to go to US?
Me - I want to go to the US to pursue masters in Information Technology and Management at university of Texas at Dallas.
VO- How did you know about this university?
Me- I’ve done a lot of research before applying to MS in the US and I was also in contact with the seniors within the same university.
VO- Did your seniors study the same course?
Me- Yes Ma’am!
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO- please tell me about your course.
Me - UTD is ranked among the top 30 universities for MS ITM degree in the US and Is offered by the Jindal School of Management.This course has equal importance for both Technical and management subjects. MS ITM in UTD is very flexible and is having 5 different specialisations such as Business Intelligence Analytics, SAP, Cloud Computing, Cybersecurity etc..
My interest is towards the Business Intelligence Analytics and I can also attain multiple specialisations under this course.
VO- How many admits did you get?
Me - I’ve applied to 3 universities- UTD, NEU and UIC and got admits from all the 3 universities Ma’am.
VO - How do you manage to pay your tuition fees?
Me - I’ve taken an education loan of xx lakhs from xx bank and my parents are also sponsoring for my education. They are having a savings of xx lakhs and these would cover my expenses for my entire period of stay in the US.
VO - what does your father do?
Me - told the designation and company.
VO - Congratulations your VISA is approved!
Me - Thank you so much Ma’am.You made my day!
VO - Since your program start date is After August 1st there is no restriction for your travel.
Me- Thank you Ma’am!
@f1interviewreviews

3 June
New Delhi
Slot time-11:00am
Status : APPROVED ✅ 
.
Me: good morning mam, how was your day?
Vo: Good Morning.
Vo: what is purpose for visiting us?
Me: To pursue my masters in Computer Science at University Texas at Arlington 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: What research have you done on this university?
Me: Said about Course Curriculum and electives offered. Professor name and his research work, Reseach labs
Vo: How are you going to manage the expenses for the masters?
Me: i have a sanctioned loan of amount XX Lakhs, Savings XX Lakhs and immovable assets of worth XX crs.
Vo: Who’s savings ?
Me: Fathers. 
Please place your fingers.
Vo: Your visa has been approved
@f1interviewreviews

June 3
New delhi
Slot time - 11:00 am
Status- APPROVED ✅

University- lewis university 

VO: good morning. Pass me your passport & i20 pls
Me: passed the document
VO: so why lewis university?
Me: as i was searching about my master's program, i found this university & this university provide me exact same course n curriculum as i am interested in.
VO: so how this course will help you?
ME: so as i was working in hospital, as i am a doctor basically
I found this course very helpful in our routine& beneficial to doctors staffs & patients too
& my dad is physician too n as we are planning to built multi specialist hospital this course will help so much.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO:so as you told your dad is physician too. So he's funding you right.
ME: yes sir. 
VO: so what's your father's income then?
ME: so average annual income is around xx lacs.
And saving of about xx. Which is equivalent to xxx thousand us dollars
VO: so have you been to us before?
ME: yes totally three times, recent one is in February.
VO: so on b1/b2 visa right?
ME: yes sir.
VO: ok so i am approving your visa.
You can travel before 30 days of your course start
& you will have your passport in 5 bussiness days. We will mail you
ME: thank you so much sir. Have a nice day.!!
@f1interviewreviews



3rd June
New Delhi (Regular appointment)
Status - APPROVED ✅

Univ- San Jose State University

Me - Good morning officer
Vo - Hi, good morning. Pass me your i20 and passport
Gave 
Vo - When did you graduate?
Me - I graduated in 2019
Vo - What have you been doing since then
Me - I worked as a senior software developer in xxx company
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo - Senior? You look quite young for it 
Me - Yeah, my company promoted me in 1st year itself
Vo - That's nice.How much do you think will be the expense for 2 years
Me - Told twice my i20 amount
Vo - How will you manage?
Me - I've an approved loan of xxx usd and savings of xxx usd.
Vo - Savings are yours or family's?
Me - Explained
typed something
Vo - Why san jose state?
Me-I told subjects offered and technologies I've worked on are totally related and it'll help me in my career growth.
Vo:not a bad answer but you can do this here also
Me:prof there are industry leading and majority of them have worked in silicon valley and big companies, this will help me gain more practical and in depth knowledge
 typed something
Vo - your visa is approved and you can travel not before 30 days of program start date and passport will be sent in 4-5 working days.
Me - Yes, and thank you so much. Have a nice day.
@f1interviewreviews

7th June 
Delhi (Regular Appointment) 
Slot Time : 11.00 AM
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ: Stevens institute of technology
Counter No : 17


VO : Good Morning
Me : Very Good Morning sir, how r u
VO: I'm gud, Pass me your Passport and i20 & ds-160.
Me: Done
VO : Why r u gng to US ?
Me : To pursue Masters in Computer Science from Stevens institute of technology, New Jersey.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: What did u do till now?
Me: I just finished my Bachelors in computer science in may, 2021
VO : who is sponsoring ?
Me : My Parents
VO:  What do they do ?
Me: we have xyz business & we have savings of xx lakhs & my dad earns xx lakhs per anum & I even received xxxx dollars scholarship sir.

VO: Ok.. your visa is approved. You'll receive ur passport after 5 days and get a mail.(didn't hear properly what he said ,he's speaking toooo fast)

VO:  Have a nice day. 
Me: Thank You very much Sir, have a nice day sir.
@f1interviewreviews

8th June 2021 (Regular Appointment)
Delhi
Slot time: 9:40 AM 
Status: APPROVED ✅

University- Arizona State univ
(VO was a guy in mid 30s Interview went for approximately 4-5 minutes)

Me: Good morning, sir!
VO: Good morning! Please pass your i20 and passport.
Me: I passed both the documents. 

VO: What are your study plans?
Me: I am looking forward to start with my MBA @ Arizona State University this fall.

VO: Why ASU?
Me: I intend to specialize in Supply chain management for which ASU is a top ranked school. I also really like that they adopt a team-based learning methodology and focus on collaboration, and not competition among students.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: What are your plans after graduation?
Me: I intend to come back to India and join my father's business.

VO: Nice. I can see that you have a great scholarship and a GA. How are you planning to secure the remaining amount?
Me: I have savings of about Rs. XXXXXXX.

VO: Your visa is approved. You will receive your passport after 7-10 days.
(Me: Collecting all the documents through the window.)
Me: Thank you so much!
@f1interviewreviews

8 June
Delhi
Slot time : 11 am
Status :  APPROVED ✅

Univ - Purdue university

VO: Pass me your passport 
Pass me your I-20
Me: *passed

VO: So why are you going to Purdue?
Me:

1. I chose Purdue mainly for its MEM course which I think is the best in the world.  
2. Purdue is part of the MEMPC , *explained MEMPC
3. Both engineering and Management schools are top ranked which is important to me because my course involves courses from both schools 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: How does this apply to your job ?
Me: *barely started when he interrupted

VO : how are you funding your education ?
Me: my father will be sponsoring my education , he has personal savings of xxxx

VO: what does he do?
Me: *

VO: okay I’m approving your visa ... please abide by COVID protocols... since your course start is after 1st August, you’re covered by the blanket NIE.... have a safe trip and take care ...

Me: do I have to apply separately for the NIE ?

VO: no it’ll be automatic , just proceed normally 

Me : Awesome ! Thank you so much !
@f1interviewreviews

4th June 
Delhi (EA)
Status - Rejected ❌

VO was a guy around around 40 years of Age.
Univ- Illinois Institute of Technology

Vo: Hello Good morning give my your passport and i20. 
Me: Hello Good morning sir
Vo: Tell about your study plan? 
Me: Sir I have completed my undergraduate in computer engineering in Aug of 2020, now I want to pursue my Masters of Science in Computer Science from Illinois Institute of Technology.
Vo: What is your area of interest? 
Me: Natural Language Proceesing
Vo: How many universities did you applied? 
Me: I applied to three universities.
Vo: name them
Me: Illinois Institute of Technology, The University of Texas at Arlington and the state University of New York Stony Brook University. I got accepted from IIT and UTA and Stony Brook University is under review currently. 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: who is funding you?
Me: I have taken an education loan, my parents savings and moreover I have received a merit based scholarship worth about 14000 usd from the university.
Vo: what do your parents do and how much do they earn
Me:Told their occupation, and they have an annual income of 10 lakh. 
Vo: Sorry unfortunately I am not approving your visa. I am giving you a slip please collect it with your passport and i20. 
Me: Sir, please I have came with a positive intent. VO Stopped me by saying Next...
@f1interviewreviews

8 June
Delhi
Slot time : 11 am
Status :  APPROVED ✅

( was a woman in her early 30's)

Univ - University of Illinois at urbana champaign 
Me: Good morning Officer!How are you ?

VO:I am good.

VO: Pass me your passport 
Pass me your I-20
Me: *passed

VO: So why this university?
Me:told about electives ,subjects and pathways.Also about Student faculty ratio and name of the professor and their research.

VO: What did you do in undergraduate?
Me: btech cs ,8.0 cgpa
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO : how are you funding your education ?
Me:  secured a loan of xx rupees from xx bank.
My family will be sponsoring my education , they have  personal savings of xxxx

VO: what does your father  do?
Me: *told

VO: Okay I am keeping your passport , you'll get it after 2 weeks , please abide by the COVID 19 protocols ..

Me :Thank you so much !!Have a great day.
@f1interviewreviews

8 June
Delhi
Slot time : 11 am
Status :  APPROVED ✅ 

Univ - University of Texas at Arlington 

VO: Pass me your passport 
Pass me your I-20
Me: *passed 
VO: So why this University? 
Me:The University of Texas at Arlington has outstanding faculty reputation and active research in my field of specialization. 
A computer science professor at The University of Texas at Arlington is working with researchers to develop a process called network decoupling which attracted me to be a part of this university. 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: how this course help you to find job?
Me: us degree global reconize, this course will help to improve my knowledge and gain expertize. When i can get back to india it will be easy to place in good company. 
VO : how are you funding your education ?
Me: my father will be sponsoring and education loan scantioned
Vo : what your father do ?
Me : said his proffesion. 
Vo :  what is father annual income ? 
Me: said..  xxx. Per annum
Vo: your visa approved. 
Me : Awesome ! Thank you so much !
@f1interviewreviews

8th June
Delhi(Regular Appointment)
slot time- 11 am
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- University of Cincinnati
Only 3-4 counters were open. 

Asked for my passport and i20.

VO: Why University of Cincinnati?
Me:Spoke about ranking of the program, relevant coursework that links in well with my past experience, my future plans to work in visual analytics 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo:How are you planning to fund yourself?
Me:Have personal + family savings worth xx Lakhs, scholarship worth xx Lakhs and an education loan worth xx Lakhs that covers the i20 amount.

Vo:What does your father do?
Me:Mentioned his role  & organisation.
Your visa is approved .
@f1interviewreviews


Delhi
June 9th
Slot time: 11 A.M
Entry: 9:30 A.M
Status: approved ✅ 
Exit: 10.15 A.M
University: Indiana University Bloomington
I was nervous and didn't even say good morning.
Vo: pass me your passport.

Passed

Vo: pass me your i20

Passed

Vo: when did you graduate?

Me: I graduated in 2016(Forget to say sir)

Vo: what have you been doing since then?

Me: I worked for 2 years at XXX as associate software engineer and I am currently working at XXX as a software developer.

VO: Why Indiana University Bloomington?
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Me: I am interested in development of programming languages research. Indiana University has excellent faculty for it. I am especially interested in the ongoing research of Jeremy siek on gradual typing.

Vo pointed to funding part in my i20 and said " it is mentioned that your family has a savings of 46000 usd. Can you explain about it?

Me: my father is a farmer, my mother works as a incharge for nurses in hospital. We have a savings of 30 lakhs and fixed assets of 5.5 crores. I got a loan of 40 lakhs too.

VO: where did you take your loan?

Me : H D F C

VO raised his eyebrows and slowly typed HDFC on his keyboard.  

VO: your visa is accepted you will get it in 5 days. 

Me: Thank you.
@f1interviewreviews

Approved✅
University of New Haven
Delhi(regular) 
Slot time : 11:00
IN time : 9:00
Out time : 10:00
VO is an Indian guy

Me: Good morning sir, how is your day
Vo: not replied
Vo: pass me your passport
Me: passed
Vo: your i20
Me: passed

Vo: which course? 
Me: Masters in operations management and supervision at university of new Haven. 

Vo: why masters? 
Me: sir, I am a computer science graduate, computer science grads can gain a lot out of this course. This masters provides me knowledge on state of the art engineering methodologies and core subjects of business and management.(I was telling some more details but he asked the next question) 

Vo: Why new haven? 
Me: I like the course curriculum in new Haven. It offers me subjects like decision making under uncertainty, value engineering and design, which helps me develop my skills to become an efficient project manager. 

Vo: when did you graduate? 
Me: I completed my under graduation recently on November 2020 at GRIET affliated to jntu-h. 

Vo: why did you graduated in November? While Most of the students are graduated in September. 
Me: sir, Due to the pandemic my final semester exams took place on September that's why I received my under graduate certificate in November. 
Vo: ok
Vo: How are you going to fund your masters? 
Me: I have received an education loan of rupees 20 lacks from xxx bank and my father has savings of rupees 21 lacks for my masters and we also have properties worth rupees xxx cr which will help my masters.
(I also wanted to mention my scholarship but he interrupted, it's just 10%) 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Vo: which other universities did you applied for? 
Me: I have applied for 7 universities and I received 5 admits from western Michigan University, Cleveland State University, university of alabama-birmingham, university of Dayton. 
(Note: They will have the record of your i20's so definitely mention all the universities you applied for i20.) 

Vo: Do you have any siblings? 
Me: yes sir, I have one younger brother he is currently pursuing his btech in andhra pradesh. 

Vo: Did you tavel 🇺🇸 before? 
Me: no sir. 

Vo: ok i am approving your visa 
Me: Thank you very much sir. 
I was so happy and I didn't even ask him when can I collect my passport coz I opted for pick up. 😁
@f1interviewreviews

Visa Interview 
Date : 9/6/2021
Univ: university of Huston
Location : Delhi 
Status approved ✅
Appointment : regular

For people who have Biometrics and Interview on the same day, there was a counter in front of the consulate where they ask us if the Biometrics was completed or need to be done on the same day. Once I got done with the biometrics went for the waiting area before being called out for interview.

VO was of Indian origin and was super chill
VO: Come forward
Me: Good Morning sir !
VO: Give me your passport and i20
Me: Yes sir (slid it underneath the window)
VO: Why do you want to go to USA ?
ME: Sir, I am going to the US to do my Masters in Computer Science.
VO: What does your father do ?
Me: He is a senior Manager at an IT firm
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: How will you be funding your education ?
Me: I have savings of 13 lacs and a loan of 40 lacs from HDFC
VO: Have you travelled to USA before ?
Me: Yes sir I have accompanied my dad on his business trip once
VO: Are you the only child ?
Me: I have a brother
VO: What is he studying ?
Me: He is doing his Engineering in India
VO: Ok got it, your visa is approved. Please follow the quarantine rules during your travel to USA.
Me: Thank you sir !
@f1interviewreviews


Date : 10/6/2021
Uni: North Carolina State University
Location : Delhi
Appointment : EA
Status approved ✅

V.O was an American lady in early 30's and was in jolly mood

 *VO: Hi good morning* 
Me: Good Morning ma'am
 *VO: Please pass me your passport and i20* 
Me: sure ma'am (slid it underneath the window)
 *VO: Place your right hand fore fingers on the scanner* 
Me: (did the same)
 *VO: So which university are planning to go?* 
ME: I am looking forward to join North Carolina State University for Master in Architecture and Building technology program
 *VO: Why NCSU?* 
Me: Having an interest in Energy efficient buildings and high tech architecture, NCSU provides the best resources when it comes to Sustainability and advance structures. Also out of 12 subjects, only 4 are mandatory, while the rest being the electives, it gives me the flexibility to choose from. And lastly, I would like to conduct my studies under professors xxx and xxx, who have vast experience in this field and are well known for their achievements.
VO: *What have you done in your undergrad?*
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews 
Me: I have completed Bachelor of Architecture from Pune University in April, 2020.
VO: *And what's your undergrad percentage score?* 
Me: In my undergrad, I have achieved a CGPA of 8.1/10. Additionally, I am a 5th year thesis gold medalist, and that thesis later on went to be featured on an Indian architectural website.
VO: *(interrupts)That's wonderful* 
Me: Also I have represented my college on a national level competition.
VO: *Oh, that's great. How are you funding your masters?*
Me: My father is my sponsor for my Masters education. His annual income is xxx and we also have savings of xxx. Additionally we have secured a loan of xxx. Also we have LIC policies of xxx.
VO: *And what does your father do?*
Me: My father works as a xxx in a xx company, in Mumbai.
VO: *How many siblings do you have?* 
Me: I am the only child, ma'am.
VO: *Have you gone out?* 
Me: I have been to Switzerland, when I was 1 year old, and been to Kenya, when I was 9 years old.
VO: *(she laughs at this point)Okay....So I am approving your Visa. You will get your passport after 5-6days. Please follow the rules regarding Covid, once your reach US.* 
Me: Okay ma'am, Thankyou so much. Have a great day.
VO: *Thankyou.*
@f1interviewreviews

June 10
Delhi (Regular Appointment)
Slot time-11:00am
Status: APPROVED ✅

VO: Asian American 30-35 years old
Univ - NYU Courant MS IS 
@f1interviewreviews

Me: Morning!
VO: Good Morning. Give me your passport and I20.
Me: handed them over
VO: Why Information Systems?
Me: It's a mix of business and Computer science. I have past experience and want to grow in the field in the future.
VO: What do you plan to do after?
Me: I want to come back here and get into Technical Management. 
VO: What is your plan for financing?
Me: (i20 amount is 76k USD). My parents and I have an education loan of $100k, Savings of $60k and My family's income is INR32.5L per annum.
VO: What do your parents do?
Me: Both have their own businesses in Different fields
VO: Congratulations your visa is approved.
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews


Consulate: New Delhi
Slot time: 11:00, 10th June
In time: 10:30
Out time: 10:50
Program: PhD in Physics at UIUC
Status: APPROVED ✅

VO was an Indian guy

VO: Good morning, please pass your passport. 
Passed
Me: Good morning, sir. 
VO: Pass me your i20 too.
Passed.
VO: Please place four fingers of your right hand. 
Done
VO: Why UIUC?
Me: Answered about the active research going on in my field and ranked as one of the top in field of interest. 
Interrupted
VO: Ok, what would you do after phd?
Me: Answered. 
VO: What is your specialisation?
Me:Told
VO: What are its application?
Me: Told
VO: So, you will be getting an assistantship?
Me: Yes sir, it is a teaching assistantship.
VO: Ok, I see. I am approving your visa. 
Says something but couldn’t focus on hearing that. 
VO returned the i20 and kept the passport.
@f1interviewreviews

Visa Interview Experience
14th June
Delhi
Slot: 11:40 AM (Emergency Appointment)
Status: Approved✅
University: Rutgers, NJ
Reached at : 11:00 AM
In: 11:05 AM
Out: 11:38 AM

Duration: 5 minutes 
Counter No: 19
VO was ~30 years old 

Counter was empty, didn't have to wait. The VO was very jolly and friendly. He greeted me before I could greet him.


VO: Hey there, Good morning! How are you doing?
Me: Good morning officer, I'm good!
VO: Please hand me your passport and i-20!
*passed *
VO: So why did you decide to go to Rutgers?
Me: Well I'm going there for a master's in City and Regional planning, and their graduate planning program is ranked #3 in US. Plus, I'm going for a concentration in transportation planning and they have their own research centres for transportation where they conduct applied research and many professors who share the same research interests as me so I thought it'll be a great opportunity. And finally, I've received a great scholarship!
VO:  yeah, I see it here *pointing to i-20* So how do you plan on funding the rest of your study? 
Me: I'll be utilizing my family savings which is a total of 85lk and the annual family income is 27lk.
VI: Oh, so what do your parents do?  Me: Sir my mother and my uncle are sponsoring me. Mom's a school teacher and my uncle is a consulting manager at Escort Kubota, he's been with the company for 35yrs. He funded my college education previously as well. 

http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: What type of a company is it?
Me: The one that builds tractors.
VO: Okay, got it! And how do you plan to utilize this degree once you complete it? 
Me: I have worked for 2yrs here and after completing it I hope to come back and take up a job in the field.
VO: No, that's fine! But how will you apply it professionally in your career?  
Me: Well, I aspire to be an urban sustainability expert and work on Transport n mobility as a planner.
VO: okay great! So I'm approving your visa. You should receive it at your address in 5 business days. 
Me: Thank you so much officer
VO: So you can travel upto 20, oh sorry 30 days before your program starts. That means you'll be traveling in August so you are automatically considered for NIE. Make sure you follow all vaccination and quarantine requirements upon entering US and have a safe stay there! 
*Passes me the I20*
Me: Thank you so much officer, Have a great day!
VO: You too!
@f1interviewreviews

Delhi embassy
Slot: 9AM
Priority: EA
In time: 08:30AM
Out time: 09:05AM
Outcome: *Refused under 221(g) - Further admin process required*
Program: MS CS in NYU Tandon
—————————
VO: Good morning. 
A: Good morning officer. 
VO: Please pass me your passport and i-20.
VO: So why this university? 
A: My primary reason is because of the tremendous research going in the university in the domains of CV and DS. 
VO: Great! how are you financing your education? 
A: My mother and father are my primary sponsors. They have savings of ₹6x lakhs, their annual income is ₹5x lakhs, in addition to that I have secured a loan from HDFC Credila worth ₹45 lakhs. 
VO: That’s good. When did you graduate? 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
A: I have recently taken my end semester examinations. 
After typing for sometime,
VO: Have you previously applied for a US Visa? 
A: No ma’am. 
She went on typing, 
Handed me the yellow slip 221(g) - admin process
VO: If you don’t mind I’ll be keeping your passport. You can track the status of your case here. I’ll make sure it reaches you before your program commencement date. 
A: Thank you ma’am.
@f1interviewreviews

Delhi Consulate
14th June
VO was an Asian American man in his 30s
Morning
Him - morning, pass me your passport and i20 please 
Me - here
Him - place your fingers for your prints and what are your study plans? 
Me - pursuing masters in blah blah 
Him - why this uni 
Me - answers 
Him - plans after masters? 
Me - answers.
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews 
Him - who's funding your education 
Me - parents 
Him - what do your parents do? 
Me - told
Him - I'm approving your visa 
Me - thank you sir
@f1interviewreviews

Delhi Embassy
14th june
Status- Approved ✅ 
Slot: 11.40 am (Emergency appointment)
reached at 9.40am
Out by 10 am
Counter no. 13
VO was asian american guy
4 counters were open
University - Syracuse University, MSIM

I had a B2 reject in 2018 but no questions were asked related to that

Me: Good Morning, Officer
VO: Very Good Morning. Please pass me your passport and I20

VO: When did you complete your bachelors?
me: I completed my bachelors in Computer engineering from Mumbai University in 2015

VO: Oh 2015, What have you been doing since then?
Me: After completing my bachelors, I got placed in XXX company and currently working in XXX as Technical lead. Now I'm going to pursue master's in information management from Syracuse University

VO: America is quite big, why did you select Syracuse University?
Me: Explained about course curriculum and flexibility of choosing electives

VO: Ok so you are interested in Data science as you specified?
Me: Yes officer, Data Science

VO: Ok I can see in your I20 that you've shown family funds, tell me something about that.
Me: Me and my family are jointly sponsoring with combined dedicated savings of xxx lacs. I also have an education loan worth xxx lacs which should be enough to cover my education and living expenses

VO: From which bank have you taken loan?à
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me: I've not taken loan from bank but got it from InCred

VO: (looks at me with raised eyebrows) I haven't heard about InCred

(Silence for few seconds)

VO: Ok so what does your family do?
Me: My dad runs a xxx business and earns xxx per annum and my mother is a homemaker

VO: please place your right hand 4 fingers on the scanner

VO: I am approving your F1 visa

VO passed me my I20 and a told me not to travel before earliest admission date mentioned in the I20

Me: thank you so much sir
@f1interviewreviews

14th June
Delhi
Status - Approved✅
University - UIUC
Appointment was at 11 am but I reached at 10.20 am and was out by 10.45 am
Interview lasted for 1 min, the person before me took a little more time

Me - Good morning sir
VO - Good morning, pass me your i20, SEVIS and passport
And I passed it and he checked it 
VO - What are your study plans
Me - Sir I'm going for MS in Information Management at UIUC 
VO (took my fingerprints) - Why UIUC
Me - Because of the flexible curriculum and more number of electives + it is the perfect blend of Business and technology 
VO - What are your plans after Masters 
Me - I want to work as a data analyst or product manager 
VO - Who's funding your education 
Me - My parents are 
VO - What do they do
Me - My dad is the VP at a pharmaceutical company and my mom is a dentist 
VO - okay I'm approving your visa, you'll get your passport in 5-7 days 
Me - Okay thank you sir

Delhi (emergency)
15th June
Male VO
University of Pennsylvania, MSE CIS

Q. Passport and i20
Passed

Q. Oh,  UPenn is a great school, what's your course study
A. Software engineering, would like to pursue ____ project under ____ professor
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Q. Plans after MS
A. Come back to India to explore opportunities over here and lay foundation for own startup

Q. Fundings?
A. Savings of.... He cut me in between

Visa is approved, congratulations
@f1interviewreviews

14th June
New Delhi (Emergency slot)
Slot Time: 11:20 am
Status: APPROVED ✅
Entered Time: 9 AM
Out Time: 9:55 AM
Length of Visa Interview: 5 mins

Univ- California State University, Channel Islands

Me: Good Morning Sir/Ma’am
VO: Good Morning Sandipta. Please put your 4 fingers of your left hand.
Me: Done
VO: Pass your documents(Passport and I20)
Me: Passed
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Where is California State University Channel Islands located?
Me: The university is located at Camarillo, 1 hr away from Los Angeles.
VO: How did u come to know about this university?
Me: I did some research……….
VO: How many admit did u received?
Me: Total 3 admits and other 2 are Lipscomb University and Florida Institute of Technolgy.
VO: Why did u choose this university?
Me: The course of this university is of my interest and moreover the university is having Better Regional Ranking.
VO: I noticed that U had visited US many times. Did u ever visited CSUCI?
Me: No, I hadn’t visited university but I had seen the University virtually.
VO: Who is sponsoring u?
Me: My family is sponsoring me.
VO: What does your parents do?
Me: My father works in xxx Company as xxx Position.
VO: Is there any relative staying in US?
ME: Yes
VO: Who?
Me: My elder sister stays there.
VO: What does she do?
Me: She is working.
VO: Where is she living?
Me: At Nashville, Tennessee. 
VO: Ok. Your Visa is approved. Take your I20 and u can enter US within the 30 days of your program Start date, not before that. Thank u.
Me: Thank U ma’am.
@f1interviewreviews


Visa experience: 
Delhi Embassy
Priority: Emergency
Date: 15/06/2021
Slot: 11:40 AM
(I reached embassy by 10 AM and they let me in immediately. I got my turn at 10.20am without waiting anywhere in the waiting hall)
Univ: Arizona State University
Visa status: Approved
Counter no : 21
VO was a lady in her early 30s.

VO: Good morning
Me: Good morning ma'am. How are you doing?
VO: I am doing fantastic. How about you?
Me: I'm doing well, thank you.
VO: So tell me something about your course.
Me: Told(Meanwhile she asked me to put my left hand's 4 fingers on the scanner.
VO: Cool. Why do you want to go to this university?
Me: Told my reasons about the university's ranking, it's coursework and the duration of the course.
VO: Okay, so when did you graduate?
Me:2017 ma'am.
VO: And what have you been doing since then?
Me: I have been working with Infosys Limited.
VO: Okay, so would you come back to India to join the same company?
Me: Yes
VO: At the same role?
Me: No. I would be joining a different role which is why I am joining the University to gain the requisite knowledge.
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: That's awesome. How would you be funding your education?
Me: My parents had set aside a separate fund for my higher education. So , it would be entirely funded by my parents' savings.
VO: Alright! What does your father do?
Me: Both my parents have been working for government organisations. Told her the respective occupations of my parents.
VO: Okay. 
Then , there was a long pause from her side (as she was typing something continuously) lasting more than a minute and then after that I got to hear the magical words
VO: Congratulations! Your visa is approved.
Me:Thank you so much ma'am! Have a nice day.
@f1interviewreviews

15 June 
Delhi 
Status-APPROVED ✅ 
Slot time: 9 AM 
In time: 8:15 AM 
Out time: 8:45 AM 
Interview Duration: 45 seconds  
 
Columbia University (PhD) 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
 
Me : Good morning! 
VO : Good morning! Please pass your passport and i20 
<< I passed the documents. VO was typing something on the computer >> 
VO : What is your study plan? 
Me : I told the VO about my PhD Specialization, my research interests, and why Columbia’s PhD program is a great fit for me 
VO : What are your plans after completing the PhD? 
Me : I am planning to take up an Assistant Professor role in an Indian university after the PhD 
VO : I am approving the Visa. You will get it in seven days.  
Me : Thank you!
@f1interviewreviews

Visa experience: 
Delhi Embassy
Priority: Emergency
Date: 15/06/2021
Slot: 11:40 AM
(I reached embassy by 10.10 AM and they let me in immediately. Before Entering, they checked whether VISA Photos carrying or not.
I got my turn at 10.35 AM after Passport, I-20 and SEVIS verification in the hall.
First I was in queue for counter 17 where VO was taking time, thought he will ask lot. later,they shifted to counter 21, where she approved 3 candidates before got approved
in 5 mins got sign of relief.)
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Univ: Stevens Institute of Technology
Visa Status: Approved
Duration: 1-2 min
Counter No : 21
VO was a american lady in her early 30s.
VO: Good morning (Wearing mask)
Me: Good morning officer (with smiling face)
VO: Pass me your Passport,I-20 and SEVIS.
Me: here it is.
VO: Put your right 4 fingres on the scanner.
Me: Did and then Sanitized.
VO: Where are u going?
Me: Stevens Institute of Technology
VO: So tell me something about your course.
Me: Told(I go little nervous)
VO: She was looking at screen and listening.
VO: How many universities you applied?
Me: Told name of 7 universities.
VO: so you got accepted in all?
Me: Told yes, Except XXX unikversity.
VO: Then she looked in I-20, checked funds, and told, ohhh you got XXX Amount scholorship, Congrats.
Me: Thank you. (got releif here, as she said congrats, got indication that she will going to approve)
VO: I see you have personal funds also.
Me: I have personal saving of XXX $ for education and education loan from XXX bank of XXX $.
VO: Alright! Is it yours?
Me: Yes.
VO: Okay.Your visa is approved.She said something about program start date in August (not listened clearly as I was over the moon)
Me: Thank you , you made my day! Have a good day.
@f1interviewreviews


Visa Interview Experience, 16 June, Delhi

University: University of Illinois, Urbana Champaign
Course: MS, Aerospace Engineering
Consulate: Delhi (Emergency Appointment)
Biometric: 16 Jun, 9:00am
Interview: 16 Jun, 12:00pm
In-time: 10:00am
Out-time: 11:00am
Counter: 11
Status: ⚠️ Administrative Processing under 221(g)

VO was a white American lady, early thirties

VO: Hey
Me: Good Morning Ma'am
VO: Can I see your passport and I-20 please?
Me: (sliding documents through the slot) Here you go
VO: Please place the fingers of your right hand on the scanner
Me: Done
VO: So you're going to school at... *Checks I-20* the University of Illinois, Urbana Champaign yes?
Me: Yes
VO: Why did you pick UIUC?
Me: It's extremely well known in the Aerospace industry, comes well recommended by senior engineers at Boeing (where I work), and they found me an advisor whom I really like.
VO: You work at Boeing?
Me: Yes
VO: In the United States?
Me: No, in India
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews 
VO: You picked UIUC over Embry-Riddle? (Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, extremely well known in the US for any course related to Aviation and Aerospace)
Me: Yeah, I think the advisor did it for me haha
VO: Sure, makes sense, UIUC is a great school

*Intense typing*

VO: What was your undergraduate score?
Me: My GPA was 9.06 on a scale of 10
VO: *raises eyebrows*
VO: Your GRE score?
Me: 336

*More intense typing*

VO: Do you, by any chance, have a copy of your resume on you?
Me: No

*At this point I know I'm going to get a 221g. Cursed myself for getting every document, big or small, from 10th marksheets to original degrees, but no resumé*

*More typing*

VO: How are you paying for your education?
Me: The University is funding the whole thing.
VO: *Checks I-20* Okay, got it

*A few seconds of typing later*

VO: I'll be right back

*Now that's the sure-fire 221g signal. I'm not surprised. What was intriguing is I wasn't asked about my research at all.*

*VO comes back, takes a yellow slip*

VO: So your Visa might need some more processing, so I'm sending you to window 1, where they'll tell you the additional documents we need. There's no specific timeline for this, but we're tracking every student and their start dates, so you needn't worry.
Me: Alright, thank you

Takeaways: The interview in itself was chilled out, and there's no need to be nervous. As for 221(g), they seem to be handing out a lot of them, and a bunch of folks from my college in fields like Material Science and Robotics got them, so
1. Please schedule appointments as early as you can if you work on something that's specified in the Technology Alert List (TAL)
2. If you're working on TAL-related stuff, carry a resumé
3. Submit documents ASAP if you get a 221g, they're handing out a lot of them and they seem to be understaffed

@f1interviewreviews

Visa experience
Delhi consulate VI ( EA) 16 June
Vi time: 12 pm 
Reached: 10:40
Out time: 11:20
Interview duration: 40-50 sec
Status: Approved ✔️
University: Rochester institute of technology, NY
Program: computing security
Visa interview:
VO was a mid 30ish ( looked Asian) 
Me: good morning Offier!
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: good morning! Pass me your i-20 and passport.. a 5 sec pause. Place your right hand fingers on the scanner.
Me: did
Vo:  Ok so you are going to RIT?
Me: yes that's correct officer
VO: from what other universities you got an admit?
Me: told two Universities and named them
VO: Typing (5 sec)
VO: how are you funding your masters?
Me: I have a approved loan from prodigy finance and I'm addition to that I have family funds ( I didn't have any details was waiting for him to ask any specific thing)
Vo: ok I am approving your visa
Me l: thank you so much Officer.
Vo gave back my i20 and he kept my passport.
Me: hope you have a great day officer.
VO: you too

Summary:
The vo was very chill, didnt asked about any details or such, though I saw other vo's on other counters were asking much more details like your degree certs etc. Just ve confident and everything should go smoothly
@f1interviewreviews

Visa experience

Slot time: 8:40 am
Program: masters in communication
Location: New Delhi
Date: 16 June 
Was at the location: 7:30 am
Was out: 9 am

Status: APPROVED 

They were approving visas in general, I guess. My visa officer was Indian American in his early 40s I guess. He was chilled and I felt pretty calm about myself while waiting. There were other visa categories being conducted as well.

ME: good morning officer
VO: nodded
VO: you have a lot of documents there, I’m guess you are a student
ME: that’s right, I am
VO: please pass them
ME: passed (we were told to take out passport, sevis, I-20 but not DS-160) so I asked “do you want DS-160 as well?”
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: no I don’t need that, I hope I don’t
He checked my documents for a second or two
VO: will this be your first time out of India?
ME: yes, it will be
VO: are you excited?
ME: oh yes! I’m pretty excited for my two years at SLU
VO: place your left hand fingers on the scanner and I did
VO: thank you
ME: you’re welcome
VO: you’re going for masters in communication?
ME: yes, I am
VO: what will you do after?
ME: I will come back here and take up a job in corporate communications specifically in internal communications as that’s my area of interest. I hope to work with brands and companies and implement sustainable (interrupted)
VO: I was just checking your legitimacy and I can see you’re pretty experienced!
ME: thank you
VO: what about your funding?
ME: apart from full tuition scholarship and graduate teaching assistantship of $18,000 (I guess he didn’t see that earlier because then he checked my I-20), my father will be sponsoring me. 

There was a pause on his side so I continued

ME: he has annual income of about 20 lakhs from his real estate independent contractor business and has current savings of 40 lakhs and his net worth is 15CR
VO: he chuckled and said “you are making my job easier today”
ME: I chucked as well
VO: alright, I don’t need to ask anymore questions, your visa is approved. Your passport will be there in a week.
ME: thank you officer. Have a great day 

Tips: there were two groups of people (one couple and another mother daughter)in queue in front of me, even though it wasn’t my turn, I was making eye contact with the officer. I just stood there confident not caring about what other people were doing around.
Be confident.
Let them stop you. You keep on explaining yourself
@f1interviewreviews

Date: 16th June
Slot Time: 11:00 am
Interview time: 9:00 am
Location: Delhi
University: Northeastern University
Program: MSCS
Status: Approved

VO was an Indian American guy, chilled out. (Might be comparable to the bald guy in Mumbai in terms of visa interview time)
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews


Me: Good Morning Sir.
Vo:  Good Morning. Pass me ur i20, passport and Sevis 
Vo: You went to the UK ?
Me: Yes Sir.
Vo: What was the purpose?
Me: Went for an ongoing project which i was working on at my organization.
Vo: Northeastern’s a good university. Are Computer and Information Sciences and Computer Science similar?
Me: Yes Sir.
Vo: How do you intend to fund your degree?
Me: My sister and my father are going to sponsor my education. Their combined annual income is xx lacs. We also have savings of xx lacs, movable funds worth xx crore, and I also have an education loan of xx lacs.
Vo: Ok, so remember you can enter only 30 days before the program start date.
Me: Pta hai.
Vo: Your visa is approved. All the best for your education. 
Me: Will you be providing a slip too. (He said no, u will receive an email for pickup of the passport in 7 days) 

(In Delhi, after approval they are not giving any slips like in other cities. )

All F1 are getting accepted (US in dire need of students due to previous year backlog) . I didn’t see anyone getting rejected by this Indian American guy. Was a chilled out person. I was a bit nervous, but he told me beforehand to take it easy and relax. He even approved 2 B1s before me.

@f1interviewreviews

Visa Interview Experience
16th June
Delhi Consulate
Slot: 11:20 AM (Emergency Appointment)
Status: Approved✅
University: North Carolina A &T State University

In time: 10:30am
Out time: 10:50am
Duration of interview: 1 min


Counter No: 13
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

ME: Good Morning sir
VO: Good morning! Your documents please (they announced earlier to keep our Sevis receipt, I20 and passport ready)

VO: Tell me about your background?
Me: I have done my Bachelor's in Electronics and Telecommunication engineering from Gauhati University and masters in VLSI Design and Embedded Systems from National Institute of Technology, Arunachal Pradesh.
 
VO: What are your ambitions? Why do you want to do doctorate now?
Me: Currently I working in a Semiconductor company as an SOC Verification Engineer Intern which is quite related to my domain. Moreover, having a background in VLSI design, I was always keen about knowing various manufacturing processes of these circuits. And this program will help me in understanding the various fabrication processes for implementing these circuits.

VO: What do want to do after your PhD?
Me: I want to come back to India and join premium institutes here as an assistant professor.

VO:  Ok I am approving your visa. I am going to keep your passport.
Me: Thank you so much sir. Have a great day. 

VO: Thank you. Bah Bye!!
Me: Bah Bye!

PS - Everyone seems to be getting their visa approved. Stay cool, it’ll be over before you know it!
@f1interviewreviews


16th June
Delhi
VISA - F1 (Emergency - Previous appointment was in May, canceled due to COVID)
University- Baylor College of Medicine
Slot- 9:00
Reached at- 8:15
In time- 8:15
Interviews started around 8:30
Out time-9 
APPROVED✅
VI duration - 2-3 mins

They ask for 2*2 photos while entering the consulate, not sure why. I didn’t have photos. For people without photos, they just check their list for your name and send you in. Nobody asked for photos anywhere else.

On entering, you go through security first. Then walk through a passage for a minute and go to the main building. You stand in queue for the first set of counters where they just check your passport, I-20 and SEVIS payment receipt. After that, you are made to sit on the chairs and wait your turn. 

Counter - 11
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO was a lady in late 20s or early 30s. She typed after every answer I gave.

VO- Hey! Good morning. Pass yours passport and I20 please.
Passed ..
VO- Place your left hand 4 fingers in the scanner.
Placed and scanned.
VO- So you were on H-1B?
Me- Yes, and F1 before that
VO- And F1 before that, correct. And now back on F1 for PhD?
Me- Yes 
VO-  So Baylor?
Me- Yes
VO- Why Baylor?
Me- Both academic and non-academic reasons. Academically, one of the top 25 research institutions in the world, great infrastructure and opportunities and a multidisciplinary environment. Non-academically, wanted to be in an area with a  warm weather plus the place is known for it’s low cost of living and being on the grad student stipend, that’s an important factor so it doesn’t add on any financial stress.
VO- Makes sense. What are you planning to do your dissertation on? 
Me- Cancer Immunology 
VO- Any particular cancer type?
Me- Uhm no. The university requires grad students to complete a minimum of 3 rotations before selecting a lab. So based the lab I select, I will be working on the cancer type being worked on in the respective lab.
VO- (Convinced and nodded, next looks at the I-20 funding section) Your course is fully funded. You mentioned youll also be getting a stipend?
Me- Yes
VO- How much is the stipend?
Me- $xxx
VO- (Nods and types) Everything looks great. I am emailing you the instructions you’ll need for your travel to the USA (sends the email). Alright, everything is set and I am approving your VISA now. Good luck for your studies.
Me- Thank you so much. You have a great day!

The person before me was interviewed for about 5-6 mins and got a 221g slip, so that did throw me off a bit but thankfully everything went well.
@f1interviewreviews

17th  June
New Delhi
Status- Approved ✅
Interview duration - 30sec
Counter no: 9
VO was an Asian guy

Entered at 10:12
Came out by 10:27

University - Iowa State University
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: I want to confirm your biometrics. Place your left hand four fingers.
Did.
VO: What are your study plans?
Me: I want to pursue my PhD from the Mechanical Engineering department at Iowa State University.
VO: What is your area of research?
Me: Sustainable Technology.
Vo: So your program is fully funded?
Me: Yes, sir. It is.
VO: I'm approving your visa. Take care of the quarantine guidelines.
Me: Thank you so much, sir.

f1 
consulate: delhi
umass lowell
time: 11:00
in time: 8:30
out time : 9:10
interview time 1-2 min
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Status approved ✅✔️

vo was an American guy, blacked hair
counter no. 9

vo: why computer science?
me: as my area of interest is ml and data science and this university provide good core courses as well as elective which will be helpful for me to study further in this domain. there is also (vo interrupted)
vo: who is going to sponsor?
me: my father and have approved an education loan.
vo: what does your father do and his annual income?
me: he is a businessman, have a business of garments. he's annual income is around 15.5 lakhs.
vo: I'm approving your visa.
@f1interviewreviews

Consulate: Delhi
Date: 17 june 2021
Slot time: 11:00am
In time: 10am
Out Time: 10:15am
Status: Approved
University: Ohio State University- Main Campus
Duration: 1 minute
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: pass me I20 and passport
Me: passed
VO: Which year did you graduate in?
Me: I graduated as a XXX in the year 2016
VO: The i20 shows scholarship, what about the balance amount?
Me: The balance would be funded by my parents through their savings of XXX. 
VO: what is your father do for living?
Me: He is a business man and has a factory in XXX.

VO: Place your four fingers, your visa is approved
Me : Thank you sir
@f1interviewreviews

Visa officer-in 30s Asian American
University of Nebraska Medical Center
Course-PhD Pharmaceutical Sciences
EA
New Delhi
Status- Approved ✅✔️
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

1) Why this course?
Told
2) duration of course
5years
3) funding mentioned on I-20 is annually or for entire course
Told
Explaining about NIE, told if needed to go after 2nd july have to apply for NIE
After that golden words
approving ur  visa

@f1interviewreviews

Interview experience: 
Status : Approved ✅
Consulate : Delhi
Date : 17th June 2021 
University : UMKC
Slot : 11.00 am
Visa Type : F1
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

# I reached US embassy by 9.00 am and saw that they were allowing inside irrespective of slot time. I sat down, took sometime to get comfortable and went inside at 9.30( lockers are available to keep phones. And there's a guy who will charge to keep ur bag safe if ur carrying one. Wallets are allowed inside) 
# Security check happened then kept i20, sevis receipt and passport ready in hand. There were 4 active counters. I was asked to wait at counter 21. Where a Native American woman in her mid 30's was interviewing someone. 

# She took 10+ mins to  to interview him. I could hear that there were some legal obligations topic between them so I thought it must be a H1B visa interview since they need a no obligation certificate. My turn came, 

Me : Good Morning Officer, how are you?

(No reply) 
VO : Pass me your passport.

Me : Yup, here it is. 

VO : Can you scan your fingers on that. 
( I've already placed my fingers knowing that she'll ask me to do that next) 
 She smiled And said okay. 

VO : So where are you going?

Me : I'm going to US to pursue my Masters in Computer Science with Majors in data Science. 

VO : How did you come to know about this University?

Me : I did quiet a bit of research online with the requirements I have i.e, course structure which provides a combination of CS and DS subjects, the professors, active researches, the Infrastructure and prepared a list of Universities which caught my eye. That's how I found this University. 

VO : So you know anyone in this University? 

Me : No officer.

VO : Okay, how is this course going you help you? 

Me : I aspire to be a Data Scientist who can implement state of the art tools and techniques and create Models which can predict the future and provide an action plan to companies. And Data Science is a feild which demands an in-depth knowledge in a lot of areas in this technology. And this course will help me gain all that. Also, I've been working around data for nearly 2 years and I believe I have the necessary fundamentals to grow in this field and that's why..  
( She intervenes here) 

VO : Where did you do your Undergrad?
 
Me : I did my Undergrad in Computer Science and Engineering Department in 2016. 

VO : Okay so were you working after?

Me : Yes officer, Since then I've been working as a Python Developer at TCS. 

VO : okay what about funds? 

Me : My parents are sponsoring me with 25 lakhs of thier saving and I have taken an education loan of 30 lakhs from a Govt. Bank and I also received a scholarship of 8k from University. 
VO : congratulations for the Scholarship.

Me : Thankyou Officer with a smile(although we wear mask the whole time). 

VO : What does you Father do? 

Me : My father is a Central Govt. Employee working at xyz. 

VO : And his income?
 
Me : His income is 15lpa officer. 

VO : okay ( And started typing for 2 mins ) 

VO : Okay I'm approving your visa and I'll need your passport. Please carry this i20 along with you. You do not need a NIE ( or something I couldn't hear that part properly.) Since your Start date is after Aug 1st.
 
Me : Thankyou Officer, Have a great day. 

VO :  :) 

# Take aways: In delhi, you can go inside irrespective of your slot time.
# VO was trying to see how I can explain why I want this course. (Which was crucial as she emphasised more on that) 
# I could see people smiling and coming out until I was there. So I guess its positive to say most of the F1 visas were getting accepted.
# Stayed at Hotel Superb ( near railway station), Paharganj. Booked in goibibo and best for someone looking for an affordable stay.  Costed me around 1600/- for 2 days. 10 mins far from embassy and 10 mins away from Shivaji Stadium( for OFC). 
# All the Best👍🏼
@f1interviewreviews

17th June 
New Delhi
Status-APPROVED ✅ 
Slot time: 11.00 AM
In time: 9:30AM
Out time: 9:50 AM
Interview Duration: 2 minutes approximately 
counter: 2 (Asian American guy in late 20s)
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
University: Santa Clara University
Masters in Computer science
After greeting and passed my i20 and passport.
VO was initially typing something.. then he asked me place my left hand fingers on scanner.. I was confused as ppl generally give fingerprint scan in the end after visa approval.. 
There was some issue in matching fingerprints from vac one.. so I have to try giving fingerprints 2-3 times

VO : What are your plans?
Me : My plan is to MS in computer science and engineering in SCU 
VO : why this university?
Me : I am pursuing this university as I want to do specialization in data science and professors at university are involved in so many research projects in AI and ML. Also as its batch size is small, so student teacher ratio is good
VO: what about your funding?
Me: I have some savings plus family savings are there 
VO: What does your father do?
Me: told
VO: What are you currently doing?
Me: I am currently working as IT professional.
VO:I am approving your visa.. Please carry your i20 when you travel and take care of quarantine there

VO returned I20 and sevis fee receipt and kept my passport..
I was wondering if he actually kept passport or not.. 
Me: In how many days I will get passport.
VO: In about 1 week. Next..
@f1interviewreviews

16th June 
Delhi -Emergency Appointment
Status-APPROVED ✅ 
Slot time: 12 Noon
In time: 11:00 AM
Out time: 11:30 AM
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Course: MS in Information Management
University: University of Illinois, Urbana Champaign

Interview Duration: less than a minute  
 Only 4 counters were open. The person who interviewed me was in counter 13.
VO: Good Morning
Me: Good Morning! (Passed my i20 and passport)
VO: When did you graduate?
Me: 2018
VO: What have you been doing since then?
Me: Told my job description in depth.
VO: Why would you want to leave such a nice job?
Me: Told him about how this course will help me in upskilling for my future endeavours.
VO: How are you funding your education?
Me: My father is sponsoring me, he has savings of xxx lakh
VO: How did he save so much money?
Me: Told my father's job description
VO: Okay Ayan, your F1 visa is approved. Please place your right hand 4 fingers on the scanner. Passed me back my i20
Me: thank you! Have a nice day.
VO: (chuckles) nice day to you too.
@f1interviewreviews


18th  June
Delhi(EA)
Status- Approved ✅
Interview duration ~1-2 min

Slot timing: it was 17th june 11:20 but was asked to come on 18th because delhi server is not working for ds 160 transfer from your original location which you selected while creating ds 160.
Entered at 08:30
Came out by 08:50

http://t.me/f1interviewreviews


University - Oklahoma state university 


VO: Good morning 
Me: Good Morning sir
VO: please pass your passport and i20
Me: passed

VO: place your right hand four fingers on scanner.
Me: done.

VO: why us
Me: I want to pursue my masters from Oklahoma state university 
VO: why this course(MIS)
Me: because it has unique curriculum and how it is related to my work
VO: why this university 
Me: because of the ranking and infrastructure is great. (He interrupted me)

Other VO came to ask some doubt

VO: asked me about my work
Me: told him what I was working on
VO: Who is sponsoring you?
Me: I have secured education loan of Rs.xx lakhs from XX Bank. My father is sponsoring me Rs. XX lakhs and also assets of worth yy inr.
VO: who is funding
Me: told
VO: what is your father
Me: told

VO: Your visa is approved. And told not to travel before 30 days of start date.
Me: thank you, you made my day, have a good day.

Don’t panic. They are approving all F1 if you answer correctly.
@f1interviewreviews

Visa Interview Experience
16th June
Delhi
Slot: 11:40 AM (Emergency Appointment)
Status: Approved✅
University: Rutgers, NJ
Reached: 11: 15 AM
In: 11: 20 AM 
Out: 11:45 AM

Duration: 5 minutes 

Only few counter were open but all of them had 8 candidates in  waiting, I Waited for 10min before getting the counter no. 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Counter No: 13
VO was ~30 years old 
The VO was American and He approved all three application before my turn and I was last in the line 
  
Me: Good morning officer!
VO: Good morning! How are you doing?
Me: I'm good, officer!
VO: Please hand me your passport 
*passed * 
VO: Please hand me your  i-20
*passed *
VO: please scan your right hand four fingers 
*scanned *
VO: When did you complete your undergrad?
Me:  2015 sir 
VO: Please explain to me from where and what program you did 
Me: I completed my Bachelors in Planning from the school of planning and architecture Vijayawada. 
VO: What have you been doing since then? * scrolled mouse twice and looked at me* I think he was verifying it with my DS 160 application so  provide correct information. Work exp part was coming in more than 2 pages in my DS 160 application. 
Me : I started my first job at Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur worked there for 9months in a research project, then I moved to Kerala  State Town Planning Department,  there I worked as Planning Assistant for more than 2 years. currently  Im working for an International Planning Consultancy firm here in Delhi 
VO: oh that's nice,  then * pointing to  the funding section in the i20 * Just tell me the  exact total family savings 
Me: told him the total family saving 31lk and about my loan amount of 30lk  + scholarship  * typed something on computer 
VO: okay great! So I'm approving your visa. You should receive it at your address in 5 business days. ,,
Me: Thank you so much officer

*Passes me the I20*
Me: Thank you so much, officer!
VO: Travel safe!
@f1interviewreviews

18th  June
Delhi
Status: Approved ✅

Arizona State University
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Interview duration: 1 min
Slot: Anytime b/w 8.00 AM - 10 AM (My regular appointment was on 17th, 11 AM but I had Mumbai as my location on DS-160 so they had to transfer my case to Delhi but their system broke yesterday because of which it didn't happen and so my interview also didn't happen. They asked me to come next day before 10 AM with a new DS-160 form with delhi as location and one passport size photo. They also took my fingerprints again.)
In-time: 8.30 AM
Out-time: 8.50 AM
Counter no: 11 (An indian looking VO with American accent. He was really friendly and quick with the interview. Total 5-6 counters were open today.)

* Greetings exchanged *
* Passed the passport and I-20 *
*Took fingerprints of my right hand fingers*

VO: Why this university? 
Me: told that I want to specialise in AI and praised the research and curriculum of the university.

VO: why AI?
Me: told

VO: do you have any relatives in US? 
Me: told about my brother who is on H1B right now

VO: have you been to US before?
Me: told about my trip to US on b1/b2 visa in 2019.

VO: What about the funds? 
Me: told him that it will be funded by my parents and my own savings

VO: Congratulations! Your Visa is approved.
Me: Thank you Sir! Have a great day :)

(P.S: I would suggest to already get a new ds-160 with your appointment's location if you have different location, just to be safe and avoid such issues. 

Otherwise interview is pretty chill and like a normal conversation. I haven't heard of any rejections. All are getting their visas approved. Just be prepared with your answers and speak confidently. That's all.

Also, they don't follow slot timings. They allow people go inside as they come. Maybe because it was less crowded. So if you want, you can go early and get done with your interview.)
Hey. This is my interview experience which was a bit unique due to ds-160 issue. So would be helpful to others if they face the same issue.
@f1interviewreviews

18th June 
Delhi Consulate (Emergency)
Status: Approved ✅
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Interview lasted about 15 seconds. 

VO: Good Morning
Me: A very good morning, sir. 
VO: Please handover passport and I-20. 
Me: Did. 
VO: So you want to do your LLM? 
Me: Yes. 
VO: Please place your left hand on the scanner so I can verify your fingerprints. 
Me: Did.
VO: Have you worked anywhere before? 
Me: Yes. I graduated in 2019 and started working at a law firm right away. Resigned in March 2021. 
VO: Can you tell me more about your sponsor here? (Pointing at I-20) 
Me: He's the CTO of xyz company in New Jersey. 
VO: Oh, he's in New Jersey? 
Me: Yes. 
VO: Okay I'm approving your F1 visa. You will receive your passport in 7 days. 
Me: Thanks a lot.
@f1interviewreviews

Date: 17th-18th June 2021
Slot time: 11 AM
Appointment Type: Regular
Place: Delhi embassy
Interview Duration: 
Status: 221G, then APPROVED
Also, interview time: 1 minute
VO was a white guy in his 30s
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

When I entered, they said that they need to transfer my ds160 from mumbai to delhi and it will take some time even 1-1.5 hours. After two hours of waiting they called my name and said that they're sorry but they cant accommodate my today as the system is down and cannot transfer my record. So I will have to fill a new ds160 at delhi and come again with a printout of new confirmation tomorrow. They gave me a 221G letter and asked me to come tomorrow at 8 am. Not only did i miss my flight to Pune, but my covid test expired as 48 hours have passed. So went back to the hotel and filled a new DS160.

Next day, went there at 8 AM:
VO: Good morning sir, please pass me your passport and I20.
Me: Good morning, here you go. (passed)

VO: Tell me why you chose UCSD.
Me: Well UCSD has an amazing CS program which is highly ranked globally, and the research labs and faculties dedicated to AI and machine learning are top-notch. But the reason that I'm really excited to go to UCSD is l learning from and working with professor Garrison Cottrel, who has done ground breaking work in deep learning optimization.

VO: So what are you doing currently?
Me: Im working at a startup callled extramarks as a data science engineer, my roles is to design and develop data analysis and ML algorithms.

VO: So how will this degree help you with your current role?
Me: So UCSD has a great specialization option in which I can advance my skills in ML and AI

VO: Did you apply to any other schools in the United States?
Me: Yes, I applied to Columbia, Carnegie Mellon, UVirginia, UPenn and UCSD.
VO: How are you funding your education?
Me:  My father is sponsoring me with his savings of Rs. XX L ..

VO: (cuts me here, didn't even mention loan) What does your father do?
Me: My father is a general manager at tata motors

VO: Okay so your visa is approved, and as your start date is after August 1, you're granted an NIE. Please abide by the local quarantine rules and enjoy your stay in the United States.
Me: Thank you so much officer, have a great day.

Even though I had gone through all the trouble yesterday, I got through thr process very quickly today. All's well that ends well i guess.
@f1interviewreviews

18th June 
Delhi -Emergency Appointment
Status-APPROVED ✅ 
Slot time: 11:40 AM
In time: 9:30 AM
Out time: 10:20 AM
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Course: MS in Robotics
University: University of Michigan, Ann Arbor

Interview Duration: less than a minute  
VO was an Indian-American guy in his 30s

VO: Good Morning
Me: Good Morning! (Passed my i20 and passport)
VO: Which program are you going for at the University of Michigan?
Me: I am going for MS in Robotics.
VO: What are you doing currently?
Me: After my undergrad in 2018, I worked as a software engineer at XX and resigned recently in January.
VO: Are you working on Robotics?
Me: At XX, I worked with Robotics in the field of Industrial Automation.
VO: Have you been to the US before?
Me: Yes, I was there in 2018 to present my research at an IEEE conference held at Texas A&M University. 
VO: How are you funding the program?
Me: I have personal savings of 38k dollars and my father is sponsoring with his savings of 40k dollars. (I20 amount is 78k). Additionally, I have secured an education loan as well.
VO: Congratulations, your F1 visa is approved. Passed me back my i20
Me: thank you!
VO: You can collect your pasport in 5 business days and..(something about quarantine).
@f1interviewreviews

18th June 
New Delhi
Emergency Appointment

Slot time: 11.40 AM 
In time: 11.00 AM
Out time: 11.10

Status: APPROVED ✅ 

Univ: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Program: PhD in Finance

Interview Duration: less than a minute

VO was an Indian American on Counter Number 11

VO : Hey! Please pass me your passport, I-20.

Me : Hello, sure. 
<< I passed the documents >>  
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO (almost immediately) : So what would you be doing at Chapel Hill?

Me : I would be pursuing a PhD in Finance at the Kenan-Flagler Business School, University of North Carolina.

VO : Where do you work now?

Me : I work as a Research Associate at the Indian School of Business Hyderabad where I assist their finance faculty in academic research. 

VO : Who's going to fund your study?

Me : It's fully funded by the university. 

VO : Do you like basketball? 
(UNC is famous for basketball)

Me : Not much. I like running and hiking and North Carolina has some great trails and hikes, and I'm looking forward to that. 

VO (had already kept my passport in the approved section before I finished my last answer) : Your visa is approved. You would get it in the next 4-5 days. Please follow further instructions for quarantine etc. 

Me : Sure, and thanks a lot!

*

Before the interview:

Step 1 (security) : Had to submit my phone, bluetooth headset, and bag at the gate. I could carry my wallet, and wrist watch.

Step 2 (VI confirmation) : Passport checked at the gate, where they manually looked at the sticker at the back and I was asked if I had my photographs with me (not sure why because no one asked for photos later). 

Step 3 : (F1 visa document verification) :  I was asked for passport, I20, and Sevis fee receipt. It is here that they scanned the barcode on the back side of passport. 

Step 4 : Interview

Dress : I was wearing a casual full sleeves shirt (folded sleeves), jeans, and crocs. (I saw many applicants fully dressed in formals...must have been difficult in this heat). 

Other Info:
The consulate on my DS-160 is Kolkata (nearest to my home state Bihar). I also have an active B1 visa and I have already visited the US previously. But I wasn't asked about my visit to the US or any other countries that I had mentioned in my application.
@f1interviewreviews

VAC - 16th June
VI - 17th  June
Location - Delhi (EA)
Status- Approved ✅
Interview duration - 40-60sec

Slot timing: 9:00
Entered at 08:30
Came out by 9:00
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews


University - SUNY BUFFALO

4 counters were open. The VO approved all visas before me. 

VO: good morning sir
Me: good morning officer

VO: pass me your passport
Me: passed

VO : I see you are for F1, Your i20 please.
Me: sure, (passed)

VO: please put your right hand on the scanner 
Done

VO: Purpose of going to US?
Me: I am planning to pursue my master's in Computer science and engineering from SUNY buffalo.

VO: why are you planning for it now?
Me: I completed my B.Tech in Electronics and communication and I have been working in the software domain for the past 3 years. I think it's a really good time to expand my knowledge.

VO : what company are you working in?
Me: xxx, prior to this I was working at xxx

VO: what all university's did you apply to?
Me: Told

VO: How will you fund yourself?
Me: my parents have savings of 55l, I have savings of 5 l. Additionally we have land assets worth 5cr.
VO: what does your father do.
Me: He is a businessman, he owns a medical pharmacy.

VO: golden words. 

Me:thank you, have a nice day.
VO: good day to you as well.

Comments: don't be nervous, I'll be just like a normal conversation.
@f1interviewreviews


18th  June 
Delhi(EA) 
Status- Approved ✅ 
Interview duration: 2 min 
 
Slot time: 9 AM 
Entered:  08:40 
Came out:  09:20 
 
Counter No: 19 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
 
 
University - Georgia State University 
 
 
VO: Good morning  
Me: Good morning sir 
 
VO: Please pass your passport and i20 
Me: passed 
 
VO: place your right hand four fingers on the scanner. 
Me: done. 
 
VO: why GSU? 
Me: After attending all pre-arrival webinars from all the universities that I have been admitted to I figured out that Georgia state university is most inclined towards my interest. I always wanted to pursue a program where I can study both core cs subjects and data-related subjects.  
 
VO: How this combination of subjects will help you? 
Me: It will provide end-to-end knowledge to be a skilled DevOps engineer. Also explained about waterfall model 🤣 
 
VO: What were you doing after graduation? 
Me: Last year I interned with XXX  for 9 months as a software Intern and I got converted to a full-time employee and I have been working there as a DevOps analyst. 
 
VO: Who is sponsoring you? 
Me: I have secured an education loan of XX USD from Leap Finance and family funds worth rs xx lakh and immovable assets worth rs xx lakh  
 
 
VO: Your visa is approved. 
Me: Thank you, Sir.
@f1interviewreviews

source-my experience 
date- 17-june-2021
location-delhi
counter no-9
status- Approved✅
given slot time-11am
went inside -9:40 am
came outside- 9:50 am
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Vo was some chinese 35-40 aged male person , he was asking me as he was in some hurry, nodding his head continuously and typing while i am answering his questions.

The whole interview lasted for 2 mins.
 
Vo - pass the i20, ds 160 and passport 
me - yes sir (passed)

Vo- ohh why data modelling and warehousing (by seeing my i20) and explain your future plans 

me- told

vo- explain your fundings 
me - told

vo - what does your father do?
me - told

vo- I am approving your visa and follow all the quarantine rules (he left hurrily after saying this )
@f1interviewreviews

18th  June
Delhi(EA)
Status- Approved ✅
Interview duration ~ 40 seconds

Slot timing: 11:20
Entered at 09:20
Came out by 10:00 

The visa officer is a chilled guy
University - university of Oklahoma 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: Good morning 
Me: Good Morning sir
VO: please pass your passport and i20
Me: passed

VO: place your right hand four fingers on scanner.
Me: done.

VO: are you going to be a sooner
Me: yes
VO: are you quite excited
Me: yes I am
VO: who is funding your education? 
Me: my father is sponsoring my education
VO: what does he do? 
Me: told 

VO: Your visa is approved. And told not to travel before 30 days of start date.
Me: thank you, you made my day, have a good day.

Dont panic and keep answering with a smile
@f1interviewreviews

Date: 18th June
Consulate - Embassy at New Delhi
University- Cleveland State University 
Program - Masters in Clinical Psychology
Duration of the interview: 1 minute 
Status - Approved ✅
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: Good morning. Please pass your DS 160, I-20 and passport.
Me: Very Good Morning sir. (Given)
VO: Why did you choose to make a career in psychology?
Me: I have studied psychology for the past 5 years now. I studied it in my high school and got a score of 97 out of 100 in my 12th boards in psychology. So I did my bachelors in same from X university here in India and I realized I have an inclination for this field. So, now I wish to have specialised skills and do a masters degree.
VO: How will you manage your funding?
Me: My parents are my sponsors. They have saving of X INR
VO: What do they do?
Me: My mom has a business related to XYZ and dad has a business related to MNO (explain in one line what business is related to broadly)
VO: Ok, I am approving your visa and you will get your passport in 5 business days.
Me: Thank you so much sir.

IMPORTANT NOTE: CARRY A PASSPORT SIZE PHOTOGRAPH AT NEW DELHI (if you don’t have it they will send you back to go and click it)

Comments: He didn’t ask FOR ANYTHING no document besides DS160, I-20 and SEVIS fee. That’s it. He didn’t even ask for bank statement or anything. In short, the process is very chill. The only key is to be confident and practice these main 3-4 questions and you are all set!
@f1interviewreviews

Visa experience
Consulate: Delhi(EA) 
Actual appointment time: 11:40 am
Entry time: 10am
Exit time: 10:45 am
Interview time duration: ~3-5 min
Decision: Approved
University: SJSU
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Me: Good Morning! How are you? 
VO: Good morning. I'm good. Pass me your passport and I-20. 
VO: why SJSU? 
Me: Told about specializations offered, course structure and my interests to get dual specialization. 
VO: How you came across DS field? 
Me: During my bachelors I was introduced with data science field. However, courses were quite basic so started scouting out ways to explore DS domain that's when I came across masters program offered by different universities. Master's will not just provide me platform to gain plethora of knowledge but will also groom me for better future as well as opportunities. 
VO: how you are going to fund our masters? 
Me: my parents are my primary sponsor. They have savings of (interrupted me)
VO: what occupation your parents hold? 
Me: told
VO: Do you have any siblings?
Me: yes, one sister and one brother. 
VO: what she is doing?
Me: she is on non immigrant status in United States. 
VO: what is she currently doing?
Me: Graduated in dec and currently on OPT status, working as Software developer at Amazon. 
VO: which university she was pursuing her masters? 
Me: UMass Amherst
VO: Congratulations! I'm approving your visa. You will have to follow quarantine guidelines and as your start date is 12 August you cannot travel before 12 July. Also, you will receive your passport within 5 days.
@f1interviewreviews

18th June
Location: New Delhi
Slot: 12:00 PM (EA)
In-time: 10:30 AM
Out-time: 10:50 AM
(Reached early and they let me in, there were very few people)
Status: Approved ✅

University: Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)

VO was an Asian American male (Indian ethnicity I guess)   

VO: Good morning! Place your left hand four fingers on the scanner.
Me: Good morning! (Placed my fingers)

VO: Please pass me your I-20 and passport.
Me: (Passed the I-20 and current+old passport)

VO: Is this your old passport? You can take it. I don't want to hand on to it and lose it.
Me: Alright. 

VO: So, tell me about your travel plans to the US. You're going to MIT?
Me: Yes! I'll be pursuing Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from MIT.
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Which other universities did you apply to?
Me: I applied to 5 other universities - Harvard, Stanford, Wharton, Columbia, Berkeley

VO: Any admits from these?
Me: Yes, from 2 of them - Wharton and Berkeley

VO: Why did you choose MIT over Wharton?
Me: Wharton - more finance oriented and less entrepreneurial, MIT - more tech oriented and entrepreneurial (Same reasons as I had stated during my MIT Interview)

VO: Why not Berkeley?
Me: Well... (I was about to say something when he interrupted)

VO: Well, they are all top schools so doesn't really matter where you go.
Me: Yeah  🤷🏻‍♂️ (just shrugged)

VO: How will you be funding your education?
Me: Me and my mother. We have savings of about xxx USD. I also have an education loan from xxx of about xxx USD. 

VO: Well there aren't really many questions I can ask here.
Me: Okay 😅

VO: When is your start date?
Me: xxxx 

VO: Alright, your visa is approved.
Me: Thank you! Is there a receipt or a slip you are supposed to provide?

VO:🤷🏻‍♂️ I don't know. I guess you'll just have to take my word for it.
Me: Alright that works! 
@f1interviewreviews

21st June 
New Delhi
Emergency Appointment

Slot time: 11.40 AM 
In time: 10.10 AM
Out time: 10.50

Status: APPROVED ✅ 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Uni: University of Cincinnati
Program: PhD in Political Science

Interview Duration: less than a minute

VO was an American male on counter 13

Me: Hi, Good Morning! 

VO : Hi! Please pass me your passport, I-20.

(Passed the documents)

VO: Please tell me about your educational background?

Me: Answered

VO: Why do you want to go to Uni of Cincinnati?

Me: I mentioned research overlap with the department, academic merits and enhanced stipend award.

VO: Your course will be fully funded by the university?

Me: Yes.

VO: I am approving your F-1 Visa, good luck with your studies.

Me : Thank you, have a good day!

* 
- There is a counter outside where you can deposit your phone and bags for 50 Rs.
- There are two levels of security checks after which you are seated in a waiting area. They ask you to move inside row-by-row. Then they check you I-20 and Passport and move you towards the interview waiting area.
@f1interviewreviews

18th June
Location: New Delhi
Slot: 12:00 PM (EA)
In-time: 10:30 AM
Out-time: 10:50 AM
(Reached early and they let me in, there were very few people)
Status: Approved ✅

University: Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO was an Asian American male (Indian ethnicity I guess)   

VO: Good morning! Place your left hand four fingers on the scanner.
Me: Good morning! (Placed my fingers)

VO: Please pass me your I-20 and passport.
Me: (Passed the I-20 and current+old passport)

VO: Is this your old passport? You can take it. I don't want to hand on to it and lose it.
Me: Alright. 

VO: So, tell me about your travel plans to the US. You're going to MIT?
Me: Yes! I'll be pursuing Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from MIT.

VO: Which other universities did you apply to?
Me: I applied to 5 other universities - Harvard, Stanford, Wharton, Columbia, Berkeley

VO: Any admits from these?
Me: Yes, from 2 of them - Wharton and Berkeley

VO: Why did you choose MIT over Wharton?
Me: Wharton - more finance oriented and less entrepreneurial, MIT - more tech oriented and entrepreneurial (Same reasons as I had stated during my MIT Interview)

VO: Why not Berkeley?
Me: Well... (I was about to say something when he interrupted)

VO: Well, they are all top schools so doesn't really matter where you go.
Me: Yeah  🤷🏻‍♂️ (just shrugged)

VO: How will you be funding your education?
Me: Me and my mother. We have savings of about xxx USD. I also have an education loan from xxx of about xxx USD. 

VO: Well there aren't really many questions I can ask here.
Me: Okay 😅

VO: When is your start date?
Me: xxxx 

VO: Alright, your visa is approved.
Me: Thank you! Is there a receipt or a slip you are supposed to provide?

VO:🤷🏻‍♂️ I don't know. I guess you'll just have to take my word for it.
Me: Alright that works! 🤞🏻 (chuckle, he chuckles too)
@f1interviewreviews

