FALL
20 April
Hyderabad
Slot Time - 9:00 Am
Status - APPROVED ✅

Univ- University of New Haven
Course- Electrical Engineering
Vo is in his early 30’s

ME- good morning officer, how are you ?
VO- am good how are you? , pass me your passport and show your i20
ME- gave my passport, showed my i20
VO- so uni of new haven right?
ME- yes sir
VO- where did you complete your undergrad?
ME- I’ve completed my undergrad from XXX college , in the stream of ECE
VO- what was your project during your study ?
ME- explained about the project and my contribution
VO- why this university?
ME- told about the rankings and named few professors and their research and combined with my interest area.
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO- okay , Who is sponsoring you?
Me- my parents are sponsoring me I have savings of xxx lakhs my father is a realtor and we have our own firm , my mother handles the accounts , their annual income is xxx lakhs and we have rental and agricultural income of xxx lakhs , and immovable assets of xxx crores.
VO- wow , how much agricultural land do you have ?
Me- sir we have xxx acres of land
VO - great , place your left hand fingers am approving your visa , drop your passport in the bin, have a great stay at the USA
Me- thank you so much sir , have a great day
VO- you to!
@f1interviewreviews



Fall intake
16th April ( 1st attempt)
HYDERABAD
Slot: 10AM
Status: APPROVED ✅

University: SJSU
Vo is a 30 year old American.

Me: Good morning sir
VO: Good morning. Can you show me the bar code on your ds 160 please
Me: Showed

VO: Where are you going to study?
Me: I'm going to study in San Jose state university in San Jose, California

VO: What will you be studying?
Me: VLSI (He didn't understand or heard clearly so asked again)
Me: I'll be doing Ms in EE with specialization in VLSI.

VO: What is VLSI?
Me: VLSI deals with designing integrated circuits using several millions of transistors and used in chips of electronic devices.
f1interviewreviews
VO: How are you finding for your masters?
Me: My parents are sponsoring me and I also have an education loan of XX Lakhs.

Me: What does your parents do?
Me: They're into Business and agriculture.

VO: What type of business?
Me: We own tractors and agricultural equipment which we give on lease.

VO: Show me your loan letter
Me: Shown

VO: Place your fingers on the scanner.

VO: And then goes the golden words " Your visa is approved"
Me: Thank you so much sir, you made my day
@f1interviewreviews



14th April (3rd attempt)
Hyderabad
Slot Time : 11:30 am
Status: Hold ⚠️(221g)

Univ- University of Cincinnati

VO: Hey good morning!!
Me: Good Morning.
VO: Show me your passport to scan
Me: Showed
VO: which University
Me: University of Cincinnati
VO: What is the course
Me: General Computer science
VO: Why this course
Me: bcoz of the curriculum, The curriculum has the courses like database theory and machine learning which complement each other. Databases are backbone of the internet ........(VO interupted)
VO: how are you going fund your masters
Me: My parents are going to sponsor me
VO: What does your parents do
Me: Father is a civil contractor and mother has a small scale embroidery business
VO: Gave a look at me  and kept on typing on the computer(It was silent she was just typing so I continued speaking about the financials even though she didnt ask)
f1interviewreviews
Me: My parents annual income comes close to 10 lakhs, We have a savings of 15 lakhs and we have secured a loan of 50 lacs
VO: Suddenly she asked (What did you keep as a collateral)
Me: I kept an urban plot as a collateral
VO: Do you have the bank statement of the savings?
Me: Yes I have it just a minute
VO: And also give me a copy of your i20
Me: Okay
VO: So your case is on hold we will check in the background verify and  contact you
Me: Do you need the passport Mam?
VO: No i will not be taking the passport. Keep it with you. Take the 221g form which is on the side with you
Me: Thank you Officer
@f1interviewreviews

April 1st
Hyderabad(1st Attempt)
Slot time: 09:30 AM
Status: APPROVED ✅

Me: Good morning, sir.
VO: Good morning.

VO:Can you pass me your passport and i20? Me:Yeah sure

VO: Where are you going?
Me: To Dayton, Ohio. To pursue my masters in computer science at Wright state university.

VO: Why Wright state?
Me: I want to specialize in AI and machine learning and the reason I choose Wright state is because they offer wide variety of courses in this field that I can choose from. Some of the courses I would like to do are, Machine learning, Soft computing and robotics. Also, Their curriculum is really well designed. They have a good balance between theoretical knowledge with strong focus on practical skills as well.
VO: Where did you do your undergrad?
Me: I did my Bachelors in computer science
VO:What are your plans after graduation?
Me: After I acquire the skills in my domain, I would like to work as a machine learning engineer. There are some really good companies in India such as TCS, Infotech, Infosys, who have good job opportunities available in this field. I am really looking forward to working there.

VO: which university's you got accepted to?
Me: Named all the university I got accepted.

VO:Who's sponsoring you?
Me: My mother is sponsoring me.
(Now before I could answer further VO interrupted me and asked)

VO: What does your motherr do?
Me: she is an government teacher. Her annual income is 13.84 lkhs.

VO : why USA ? Why not other countries?
Me : I'm concerned about education. US education system is 6 yrs ahead than any other countries in the world.

VO : what are your plans if you don't get visa?
Me: simple sir, I'll go home and check for the next available slot and I'll come back to you.
VO: Do you have any list of places to visit in USA?
Me: not yet sir, if you give me visa I'll make plan.
VO: Okay, I am approving your visa. Here is your I 20. Drop the passport in the Dropbox and make a plan.
Me: Thank you so much Sir. You made my day.
VO: Your welcome.
@f1interviewreviews

5th April (3rd attempt)
Hyderabad
Status: APPROVED ✅

Univ: NWMSU
Counter: 12 ( Tall Skinny American VO)

VO: Hi, show me your passport to scan
Me: Sure
VO: Show me your i20
Me: Ok
VO: So you're going to Northwest Mississippi
Me: No sir, it's Northwest Missouri State University
VO: Sorry my bad, So which course are you planning to pursue there.
Me: I'm planning to pursue Masters in Managerial Information Systems
VO: Ok tell me about background on why do you want to pursue this degree
Me: I don't have my bachelor's degree background relevant to this course, but I have been working in IT sector for 3yrs now as a tableau developer, I generally prepare for dashboards & data structures, but I want to learn more on programming now.
VO: So which programming are to planning to study
Me: I'm going to study java sir along with business intelligence course which is similar to my work experience in Tableau
VO: Who is going to sponser for this
Me: My father is the sponser
VO: What does me do
Me: he is a businessman & I got a loan sir
VO: go on
Me: He is an an paints dealer & also into real-estate.
VO: What's his annual income.
Me: 9LPA
VO: Does your mother work
Me: no sir
VO: so you got a loan right
Me: Yes sir, I have got an loan sanctioned for 20lakhs & we also have a savings of 20lakhs

VO starts typing for an minute

VO: Place your right hand four fingers on the scanner
Me: Sure
VO: Drop your passport in the Wooden box I'm approving your visa.
Me: Thank-you

1st attempt: Delhi December 28
2nd attempt: Chennai March 19
@f1interviewreviews

April 6th ( 3rd Attempt)
Consulate : Hyderabad
Slot : 10.00 AM
Status : REJECTED ❌

Counter : 11 ( old lady 55 years )
Univ : Cleveland state University

Me : Good morning madam
VO : show me the barcode on your passport
Me : Showed
VO : give me your i20
Me : ok madam, Gave it through glass
VO : why masters ?
Me : i would like to work as a full stack developer in the coming days, currently having database development is not sufficient for this role, need to improve my skills and knowledge in specific areas like system design, Dynamic programming, Analysis of Algorithms. Moreover these are all the graduate level courses that I find in my master's program only, hence masters.
VO : how many universities have you applied ?
Me : I have Applied to 4 universities. Got 3 admits, 1 reject.
VO : Which university rejected you?
Me : university of Houston - clear Lake.
VO :  tell me about funding?
Me : got a loan of amount $46,000 from prodigy, savings of 20L, apart from that my mother has been reserving 15L only for my master's since last year.
VO : what do your parents do ?
Me : my dad was expired, my sponsors are my uncle, mother, brother. My uncle is a businessman he owns bar & restaurant in my hometown , earns around 22L per annum, brother working as software developer earns around 6LPA ( interrupted....she was typing for almost 2 min ....)
VO : I can't issue visa this time.
Me : OK, Thank you madam.
VO : Sorry ( with little voice).
@f1interviewreviews


April 8th
Hyderabad (1st attempt)
Slot Time:11:30am
Univ:- potomac University
Status:- APPROVED ✅

counter:14
VO:African American lady in mid 30s, rejected 4 applicants before me

VO:-Good morning
Me:- Good morning
VO:- why this university and why this course
ME:- Potomac University is one of the top ranked university in the field of information technology Across the world

The MSIT(Master's in Information technology) course module provided at this university,  interested me to pick this university . Particularly the research program in MSIT Provided by this university is offering the students to partner up with their researchers who are currently in the field AL, ML, Business analytics and Geo spatial intelligence(add the innvovative technology point) is my main interest. The MSIT course engaging in potomac will helpful to enhance my skills for my career growth. (She stopped me here)

I would like to study in depth in field of MIS . All my admits offer me this course but Potomac has unique combination of subjects like(<<<<<<< and assurances, mutimedia computing , distributed systems ) which are relevant for my work. And also ,Potomac offers me thesis in my final semesters where are my other universities offer me non - thesis program in this particular field. As this university is research based university and focused towards driving the students to innovation and technology orientated perspective.

VO :-How many universities did u apply?
ME:- Applied 5 got admit from all the 5

VO:- Can u name them?
ME:
Indian tech University
Trine University
Tiffin University
Ferris State University
University of potomac(Virginia)

VO:- who is ur sponsor?
ME:-I have got a bank loan from State Bank of India of 40.5 lakhs and the rest i will be covering through personal funds which include a bank balance of XX lakhs and liquid investments of XX lakhs. Apart from that I also have few FDs and RBI bonds of XX lakhs and an immovable property of XX cr. This is more than sufficient for my fees and my expenses

VO:- Why not H1-B?( I said this course is relevant to my current experience. So she asked this)
ME:-  Explained Abt learning latest technologies and to update my skills with advance tools.
I want to learn more in innovation technology and upgrade my skills in latest tools and techniques which are available in current market place. Rather than applying for H1B, focusing on upgrading my knowledge and skillset would be added weightage to my profile.
Explained spontaneously and in generic way, as this question was not expected by me.

Typed for 20secs
Ur visa is approved. Drop ur passport in drop box.
@f1interviewreviews



9th April
Hyderabad (4th attempt)
Slot Time: 10 am
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ-TAMU Kingsville
Counter :16
Vo was 30yrs lady

Vo: come forward
Me: Good morning mam
Vo: Show me your passport
Me:yes mam
Vo: So, you are going to?
Me: Texas A&M univ
Vo:Which Course?
Me: Comp nd Information Science
Vo: Why Cis?
Me: told about my specialization (data science). Nd  told that Data science is rapidly growing technology in india. If once I completed my masters I would have no of opportunities in India.
Vo: why Masters?
Me: To match the fastly growing Technology nd to sustain in this techonosavy world one should evolve themselves by enhancing Some skills. I thought masters degree would add a little weight to my profile to get a good role in top MNC's.
Vo: weirdly looking into pc(About 1 to 2 min)
After that

VO: how about your funding ?
Me: My father is my primary sponser and we have savings of lakhs nd also have immovable properties worth upto lakhs
VO: So what does your parent do? (Typing something..)
Vo: My father is a farmer nd we have agricultural lands. And his annual income is **lakhs per annum
Vo: again looking into pc about 30sec
Vo: do u have any loan?
Me: No mam, I don't need any loan because I have enough funds to cover my tution fee nd living expenses

Vo: Please put your Right fingers on the scanner.
Me: yeah, Sure mam
Vo: drop your passport into that wooden Box.
Vo: something told
Me:Thank you so much mam, bye
@f1interviewreviews

14 April (4th attempt)
Hyderabad
Slot time:10 am
Status-REJECTED ❌

Univ: UNT

ME: good morning officer
vo: good morning
Vo: show me your passport
me: here it is officer
vo: which course
me: officer iam planning to do my masters in the engineering technology department with the specialization of construction management
vo: which university
me: officer it's the university of north texas its in Denton city texas state.
vo: who is sponsoring for your education
me: my parents gone a sponsor for my education i have an education loan of 30L well we have a savings of 20l with an immovable property of 95l
Vo: whats your father do
me: he runs a supermarket in hyd metropolitan city.
f1interviewreviews
vo: whats his income:
me: he gets an annual income of 10L per annum
vo: so how he gone a fund you
me: well we have a savings of 20l and i have an education loan of 30l officer.
...for few seconds she is watching the monitor....i think she has seen my previous rejections. and she asked me.
vo: so you have applied for Cleveland so y this now
me: officer CSU did not give me defer for this intake so i found UNT has a similar course structure which is my main area of interest so i don't want to waste my time so now i want to go to UNT officer.
vo: sorry i can't approve the visa this time. Given 214b.
@f1interviewreviews



Fall intake
30 April 2021
Hyderabad
Slot time : 10
Interview time : 9:00
Status: APPROVED✅

Vo is a young lady in her late 20's

Univ- Cleveland State University

Me: good morning ma'am, how are you?
Vo:oh you're Cleveland!!
Me: yes ma'am I'm going to Cleveland State University.
Vo: why are you going there?
Me: To pursue my master's in Mechanical engineering.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: why Mechanical engineering?
Me: I've done the same in bachelor's.
Vo: who's your sponsor?
Me: my father and my uncle are my sponsers.
Vo: what do they do?
Me: my father is a state government employee and my uncle is a businessman.
Vo: What's their annual income?
Me: told about their incomes.
Vo: Have you been to the US before?
Me: No ma'am I haven't. This would be my first time.
@f1interviewreviews
Vo: what does your uncle do again?
Me: he's a businessman.
Vo: what kind of business?
Me: he's into fabrics.
Vo: Have you traveled anywhere else these past two years?
Me: No ma'am I haven't.
Vo: Alright. I'm approving your visa.
Me: thank you so much ma'am. You made my day.
Vo: you're welcome.

Consulate : Hyderabad
Date - 30th April
Slot : 10.30 am
In time - 9:30
Out time - 9:45
Status - Approved

VO was an Afro-American lady in her mid 30s

VO - Good morning. Please scan your passport to the bar code reader
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me - Did.
VO - So, University of Cincinnati?
Me - Yes ma’am
VO - Which course?
Me - Business Analytics
VO - Why did you choose this university?
Me - Told about the curriculum, ranking and professors
VO - How are you planning to pay tuition?
Me - My mother is a working professional. She’s sponsoring for my tuition. I have been working for the past 3.5 years. I have some savings and an approved education loan.
VO - Which organisation?
Me - Capgemini
VO - Designation?
Me - Consultant
VO - Place your left hand fingers on scanner. Congrats, I'm approving your visa. Please drop your passport in the box.
Me - Thank you ma’am. Have a nice day. Stay safe.
VO - You too
@f1interviewreviews

28th April
Hyderabad (First attempt)
Slot time: 10:30am
Status: APPROVED ✅

University of Texas ,Austin

Me: Good morning officer
VO: Good morning , passport
Me: scanned through glass
VO: Which course are you going to pursue?
Me: MS in ECE at UTA
VO: Why did you choose that University?
Me: This university matches my priorities and also offers specialization in energy systems which is my area of interest .I am especially impressed by the creative research work done by professor on the area of specialization energy systems which I wanted to pursue and he has published many papers on the same area.
VO:  What are your plans after MS?
Me:  I would like to comeback to India and take care of my parents
VO: No , No, I meant what are your actual plans after MS?
ME: Mentioned my interest working for xx  company in india
VO: What are you planning do there?
ME: I will work in R&D dept in that company
VO: Oh common, if the same company offers you a job in California, will you take that?
ME: No officer, I have to take care of my parents so I like to work here in India. 
VO: typing ....
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Show me your i-20
ME: Done
VO: How are you going to fund yourself?
ME: I have savings of xx Lakhs
VO: how do you have that much savings?
ME: mentioned about my sponsors and they have been saving
VO: scan your fingers and drop the passport
ME: Thank you officer. Can I leave.
VO: Yes
@f1interviewreviews

Summer
19th April
Hyderabad 
Slot Time : 10:00 am 
Attempt:  4th
Status-APPROVED ✅  

VO was in his 30's 
Univ - TAMU kingsville
Vo : Hello Hello , Good Morning 
Me : Heyy GM , how are you ? 
Vo : I'm good and you ? And place your passport need too scan 
Me : I'm good , there you go 
Vo : Show me your I20 ? (He just checked for like 10 sec ) 
Vo : So you are going to Texas A&M kingsville for Masters in Civil Engineering, right ? 
Me : Yes officer 
VO : So , tell me about your background in your bachelors ? 
Me : Told him just about my major project and softwares used in the project like staadpro , autocad .
VO : Why dint u use 3ds max , Revit  in your project? 
Me : Officer This softwares are used in designing of a building for elevation and interior designing by an architect and I'm a structure student we mostly use auto cad 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo : Fair enough , good 
Vo : How you going too fund yourself ? 
Me : My parents are my sponspor with savings of 30 lakhs and annual income of 20 lakhs 
VO : What does your mother do ? 
Me : She runs a boutique 
Vo : what about ur father ? 
Me : He is having a textile business 
Vo : Do u have a loan ? 
Me : No , my parents savings are enough for my funding 
Place your right hand fingers 
And drop your passport in there 
He gave me 221 (g) and told your visa is 99% approved, don't worry there's some glitch in your application or in my login  by evening I'll update it and 
Good luck ! 
On Wednesday my visa status changed too ISSUED I got my passport on Friday morning!
@f1interviewreviews

April 30th 
Hyderabad
slot time: 11:45
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ- The University of Texas at Arlington 

Me : Good morning sir
VO : Good morning
VO : scan your passport and show me your i20 through the glass.
Me: Did as said
VO : Tell me about your undergraduate course.
Me : I have completed my bachelors in information technology, it is similar to computer science with a few changes in curriculum. Mainly it is associated with programming and software. ( Was stammering here)
VO : Which specialisation will you be doing in your masters and explain how is it useful?
Me : I will be taking software engineering as my specialisation as I got connected to the subject in my undergrad. Basically it deals about how a program has to be built from scrape to user delivery by determining steps and rules to be followed.
VO: I can see you’re currently working in xx company, what is your salary?
Me: yes sir, it’s xxx rupees.
VO: what are your plans after masters ?
Me: Come back to India and join back the company I’m currently working.
VO : what does your mother do?
Me : she is an advocate.
VO: How much does she earn?
Me: last year it was xx amount and before that it was xx amount.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO:what does your father do?
Me: He is a businessman
VO : What kind of business?
Me: Said about the business in a short sentence.
VO: how much does he earn?
Me: Last year it was xx amount and prior to that it was xx amount.
VO: do you have any savings?
Me: xx Lakhs.
VO: do you have any education loan?
Me: I have been granted an education loan of xx L.
VO: Place your right hand four fingers on the scanner and drop your passport in the wooden box.
Me: Did.
VO: Your visa is approved.
Me : Thank you so much sir.
@f1interviewreviews

April 29th 
Hyderabad
slot time: 10:00
Interview time : 9:15
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ- University of Cincinnati 
Course-Mengg cs

Me : Good morning Mam(No response from her)
VO : Show me your passport(for scanning the barcode)
Me : did
VO : So university of Cincinnati?
Me: yes mam
VO : which course?
Me: Master’s in computer and information science with specialization in data science 
Vo: you are too fast can you speak slowly
Me:Sorry mam!!! And this time told about the course slowly.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo:why this university?
Me:   I am pretty much impressed with the curriculum.It is mandatory to complete a capstone project under the guidance of the professor.In Cincinnati there is a professor called young cheng and she is into the data science domain from the past 10years. So i would like to work under her. Moreover,iam working on a deep learning project which young cheng is familiar with.......and i started to say about curriculum then vo interrupted me
Vo: which project?
Me: Told about the deep learning project 
Vo: okay!! How about funding?
Me: my father will support me with his savings and i took loan.. vo interrupted 
Vo: what does your father do?
Me: Told about him and his annual income.
Vo: typing something then i started to speak 
Me: mam my father is my sponsor moreover i took education loan worth 25lakhs and also ucinn gave me scholarship worth 9876 dollars......
Vo: hold on iam approving your visa
Me:Thank you mam you made my day
Vo: welcome
Me: have a great day
@f1interviewreviews

Visa slot updates👇
https://t.me/joinchat/Rt8F7o9hsHw2Jybi

April 30th 
Hyderabad(first attempt)
Slot time: 10:15(In Time:8:30 
Out time:8:45)
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ- University of Dayton 

Me : Good morning mam
VO : Good morning
VO : Why US? 
Me : To pursue my masters in computer science 
VO : Why university of dayton?
Me : Explained about course module and freedom of selecting electives related to AI & ML
VO : What after masters?
Me : After completing my masters I’ll come back to India and would like to digitalise and develop my fathers business.
VO :Tell me about your father business?
Me :My father owns a construction company since 20 years.
VO:Who will be funding you?
Me:My father will be funding me he have savings of XX lakhs and I have also taken an education loan of xx from state bank and immovable assets of XX cr
VO : Place your right hand fingers.
and drop you passport in Dropbox.
Your visa is approved.
Me : Thank you very much mam.
@f1interviewreviews

April 29
Hyderabad
slot: 10:00 AM
status: APPROVED ✅

vo is a young American lady
Univ: UCM

me: good morning mam
vo: show me the bar code at back side of ur passport.
me: did as she said
vo: so ucm?
me: yes mam.
vo:majoring in?
me: computer science
vo: what is ur under graduation course?
me : i completed my under graduation in computer science.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
vo: who is ur sponsor?
me: my father is my sponsor.
vo: how much does he earn and what does he do?
me: answered.
vo : place ur right hand 4 fingers on the scanner and ur visa is approved.
me : thank you mam u made my day.
vo: alright stay safe.
@f1interviewreviews



27th April
Hyderabad
Slot time: 10:15 am
Status - APPROVED ✅

VO was an American guy, around 30-35
University of Dayton(fall intake)

VO - Good morning. Please scan your passport to the bar code reader
Me - greeted each other.
VO - Show me your i20 - he glanced over it quickly

VO - have you travelled to us any time ?
Me - No sir.
VO - Where are you going and for which course?
Me - I'm going to US for MS in computer science at University of Dayton.
VO - Which school you studied your bachelors and in which subject?
Me - told(I skipped my stream here am from ECE.)(2020 passed out )
VO - when did you graduate?
Me - I had graduated in September 2020
VO - So why masters now?
Me - Now a days the technology has been in advanced level to cope with their level and to learn in depth about the course & am fond of AI &ML.
VO - How are you funding your studies?
Me - Parents savings, my personal savings, mutual funds,approved education loan and immovable assests.
VO - so what does your parents do?
Me - xxxx company xxxx position (20+ experience)
VO then asked a few questions about my father salary, job profile and duties.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me- Explained in detail about my father job and he is satisfied with my answer.
VO - Show me your loan letter?
Me- Shown from xxxx bank this much amount xxxxx.
VO - What do you plan to do after completing your studies?
Me - Since I my focus of study in AI i will use it in my father's business so that the work load will be reduced and we had planned to start a new startup too after I am back here.
VO - Place right hand fingers on scanner.

VO - Congrats, I'm approving your visa. Please drop your passport in the box and pickup a white slip.
@f1interviewreviews

Visa slot updates👇
https://t.me/joinchat/Rt8F7o9hsHw2Jybi

27th April 
Hyderabad 
Slot time-8:00am
Status: APPROVED✅

Duration 45 sec to 1 min
Univ : south east Missouri state university 

Me: good morning 
Vo:hello how r u show mr ur passport 
Me:doing great showed my passport  she scaned 
Vo: can u show me ur i20 and which course and uni name 
Me: South east Missouri state university 
VO : Tell about your scholarship   Me: i got 60% of scholarship ....but before completing that line she told visa has been approved place ur fingers and drop ur passport
@f1interviewreviews

30th April 
Hyderabad
Status : APPROVED ✅

VO was in 30's . 
Counter no. 14 
Univ: University of Maryland

Me : Good morning Madam 
VO : Good Morning 
VO : University of Maryland . Is it ?
Me : Yes Madam
VO : Why master's in Business Analytics ?
Me : I want to analyze data sets . For that I need to learn deep statistical sKills to get insights from huge datasets. There is a shortage of people who are both mechanical engineers and business analysts. I want to fill that gap . 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO : ok
VO : Show me your i20 . How are funding ?
Me : My parents are sponsoring me .
VO : The amount is huge , seeing the i20. What are your parents ?
Me : They are software engineers  works at .xxx  works at xxx. We have savings of xxx and took an education loan of xxx.
VO : ok you are all set. Place your right hand drop your passport
Me : Thankyou madam 
VO : bye bye
@f1interviewreviews

30 Apr 
Hyderabad
Slot time-10am
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ: Colorado state university
Vo was a young woman aged 25-30

Vo: good morning, please come.
Me: good morning mam.

Vo: Can you please place your barcode on the backside of your passport, on the glass for scanning.
Me: sure , placed the passport.

Vo: so you are heading to Colorado state university 
Me: yes mam.
Vo: which course are you going for
Me: i am going to pursue my masters in computer science.
Vo: what would you do after your completion
Me: i would see myself as a datascientist in a reputed company in India.
Vo: who is sponsoring your education 
Me: my parents are my primary sponsors.
Vo: what do your parents do?
Me: my father works as a sole proprietor of a company and my mother works as a principal of a college.
Vo: how are you funding your education
Me: i got an education loan of xx sanctioned and i have an fd of xx 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: what is the source of fd funds 
Me: they are in the name of my grandmother and she is sponsoring.

Vo: just a minute ( typing something for almost 1 min)
Me: anxiously waiting
Vo: can you please put your passport for a scan again
Me: sure , placed the passport for scan

Vo: congratulations your visa is approved , please drop your passport. Have safe travels . 
Me: thank you so much mam, please take care.
@f1interviewreviews

26th April
‌Hyderabad
Slot Time : 10:15 am
Status- APPROVED ✅
‌
Univ-‌UNT

‌VO : Show me your I-20?
‌Me : Good Morning mam N showed my I-20
‌VO : Good Morning! University of North Texas right ?
‌Me : Yes mam
‌VO : Which course are you going to pursue ?
‌Me : Mam, I’m going to pursue masters in Data Science from University of North Texas
‌VO : What is ur bachelors ?
‌Me : I’ve done my bachelors in Computer Science and Engineering.
‌VO : Okay So, When did you graduate ?
‌Me : 2019 mam.
‌VO : What were you doing since then ?
‌Me : I’ve been working as a research engineer in Hyundai motor corp. I’ve working with android application which were used in the infotainment system system…(VO interrupted)
‌VO : Can repeat again your role ?
‌me : Research Engineer mam .
‌VO : Which company ?
‌Me : Hyundai…
‌VO : okay…Hyundai right ?
‌Me : yes, mam.
‌VO : What's your annual income? 
‌Me : It's XX lpa mam
‌Vo : So, explain me like why do you want to move from Computer Science to Data Science ?
‌Me : Explained like , Data Science is a field which uses computer programming, machine learning algorithms and advanced mathematics combinedly. As a masters program in Data Science, it contains quantitively intense courses. I already have enough experience in programming, to improve my quantitative skills I’ve chosen data science for my masters.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
‌VO : okay, How are you going to fund yours studies ?
‌Me : I’ve taken an education loan for XX lakhs form Union Bank of India and upon that (VO interrupted… and asked me it’s value in dollars) and I referred my documents and said the value. And continued like my parents are going to sponsor my education with XX lakhs of current savings.
‌VO : what do your parents do ?  
‌Me : My father is an lightening architect and he has his own company. He is been in this business for the past 20 years and my mother is a head mistress for a private school in my home town.
‌VO : what’s their combined annual income ?
‌Me : It’s 20lpa
‌VO : okay
‌VO : What you want to do with this degree ?
‌Me : I explained about what data scientists do, like scraping out data and building models to get some useful insights from it
‌VO : That’s okay…But, what you want to do after that?
‌Me : Mam, there is a huge scope for data science field, especially in india. As the data increases there will be a huge demand for data scientists. So, after completing my masters I I would like to come back to India and start working as a data scient for one of the top Indian MNC’s like Flipkart, Myntra, paytm.
‌VO : okay, place your right hand four fingers
‌Me : placed 
‌VO : congratulations…your visa got approved. Please drop your passport in the wooden box
‌Me : Thank you mam…thanks a lot.
‌@f1interviewreviews

April 30th (4th Attempt)
Hyderabad
Slot time-10:15AM
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ - Pittsburgh state university
All 4 attempts on same University

VO: Good morning
Me: Good morning officer
VO: please place your passport on the glass so that I can scan it.
Me: Sure sir! Here you go.
VO: okay! can you also show me your i20 please.
Me: Here you go sir! 
VO: (looked at it for 2 mins) okay! Which university are you going to? 
Me: Pittsburg state university sir.
VO: Ok and which course? 
Me: Information technology sir.
VO: that’s nice! Can you tell me why did you choose this particular university and this course?
Me: Sir! I did my research over the internet and talked to few friends over there. Pittsburg is ranked as one of the top universities in US as well as in the world. This particular program I chose is a blend of both Business elements as well as IT elements. I have a startup plan related to AI, So this course would be perfect for me. I didn’t find this type of course in any other university. That’s the reason I chose Pitt state.
VO: what did you do in your undergrad? Which stream and when did you graduate?
Me: I did my bachelor’s in Electronics and communication and got graduated in September 2020
VO: What did you do since then? 
Me: I immediately started applying for the universities in USA after that sir. And from January 2021, I started working as a python developer in XXX company in Hyderabad.
VO: that’s good. Who is funding your education?
Me: My dad and my uncle sir.
VO: what do they do and annual income?
Me: They own Shipping businesses in Kakinada port with an annual income of XX crores and a turnover of XX crores.
VO: okay! So what are your plans after masters? 
Me: I want to come back to India and work for a few years in the field of AI and ML. Later on I have a startup idea in mind that I would like to follow.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: what kind of startup you have in mind? 
Me: (explained)
VO: That’s nice!! And where would you get the investment for that?
Me: as i already mentioned, i would like to work for a few years in an MNC and save money for this. And for the remaining amount, I’d ask for my father’s help sir.
VO: okay! Have you been to US before? 
Me: No Sir!
VO: Congratulations!! Your Visa is approved!!! Please drop the passport in the dropbox. Have a nice stay in USA! 
Me: Thank you officer! You made my day!!
@f1interviewreviews

22 April (1st Attempt)
Hyderabad
Slot time- 10:30 am
In time: 9:05 am
Out time: 9:50 am
Interview duration: 3-4 mins
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- The University Of Southern Mississippi
Vo:  Indian American lady (age 25-30) 

Me: Good morning, Mam
Vo: Hi, good morning
Vo: Pls show me your barcode on passport
Me: (I showed her through glass for scanning) 

Vo: Pls show me your I20
Me: (Again showed her through glass) 

Vo: Okay, thanks which course? 
Me: (I couldn't hear her voice clearly and asked again) I'm sorry mam could you please come again your question? 

Vo: which course? 
Me: Going to pursue Master's in Computer Science (CS) 

Vo: Why this university? 
Me: (I started saying and Vo interrupted me and said you're too fast, I can't understand and I can't approve your visa So speak slowly and then) 
Apologies mam, because, The course structure provided by this program at USM perfectly aligns with my 3 years of work experience and I'm especially impressed by the creative research done by Dr. Benarji on the area of specialization which I wanted to pursue and he has published many papers on the same area, So I wanted learn more skills and finish my graduate thesis under him. 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: Why this course? 
Me: Mam, while my current job is able to give me some good real time experience but couldn't fulfill my desire for research oriented work and My interest is to pursue my career in Research and Development. So I decided to switch back to academic world for further growth and profile enrichment and master’s advanced subjects will help me in solving more complex business related problem. 

Vo: What sort of research work? 
Me: (I never expected this question but given  answer spantenously based on my current work experience) 

Vo: Who is sponsoring you? 
Me: My parents

Vo: What do they do? 
Me: My father is an agriculturist and has the land of xx acres and we also run a dairy farm, every day we export 40-50L of milk to local milk center. 

Vo: What is their annual income? 
Me: The combined income of my parents is in between xx-xx lakhs per annum and I have savings of XX lakhs and have 15L of education loan from DCCB and these funds are sufficient for my entire master's including living cost. 

Vo: (She might not have hard about my education loan and again asked me) 
Do you have any education loan? 
Me: Yes, I have 15L education loan from DCCB. 

Vo: Please drop your passport
Me: (I dropped it with happy face) 

Vo: Place your right fingers on the scanner 
Me: (I did my fingers scanned) 

Vo: Congratulations! Your visa has been approved. 
Me: Thank you very much mam.
@f1interviewreviews

fall
19 April
Hyderabad(1st attempt)
Slot time: 11:45
Status-APPROVED ✅  

Univ- Wichita state university

Me: Good Morning
VO: Show me your Passport and I20
Me.: Okay
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Explain your project your working currently
Me: Worked for client *
VO: Who is sponsoring you
Me: My parent are sponsoring me told all the financials and education loan
VO: typeing for 2min
VO: slide passport in a box and your visa is approved  
Me: thank you ...
@f1interviewreviews

23rd April
FALL 2021
Hyderabad 
Slot Time - 10:15
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- Clemson university 
VO was in early 30’s 
Course- ECE

ME- good morning Mam 
VO- am good how are you? , pass me your passport and show your i20 
ME- gave my passport, showed my i20.
VO- where did you complete your undergrad?
ME- I’ve completed my undergrad from XXX college , in the stream of ECE
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: why did you choose masters now?
ME: I told her without stopping(she told me to stop and was saying don’t tell me the scripted version tell me the truth) told her my company is giving me a work hold of 2.5 years which I will complete my masters and come back to India and continue my carrier in India
VO- why this university?
ME- told about the rankings and named few professors and their research and combined with my interest area.
VO- okay , Who is sponsoring you?
Me- my parents are sponsoring me I have savings of xxx lakhs my father is in the liquor business we have two liquor stores in Hyderabad and , my mother worked as a professor for 20years now she’s looking after our rental income  , their annual income is xxx lakhs and we have rental and agricultural income of xxx lakhs , and immovable assets of xxx crores.
VO - great , place your left hand fingers and you’re VISA had been issued , drop your passport in the wooden box have a nice day 
Me- thank you so much mam.have a great day
@f1interviewreviews

Fall 
Hyderabad
Slot time : 8:30
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ - Texas , Austin
Counter no 27
VO is an asian in her early 30's
(Around 6 counters were opened)

We greeted each other. 
VO: Please pass me your passport and i20
Me : Sure
VO : Why do you want to go to UT Austin ?
Me : Told because of its ranking in MSBA, Course cirriculum, Research faculty and cultural diveristy of class profile. 
VO : When did you complete your bachelors?
Me : I'v completed my bachelors in 2013 from xxx university with 88% of marks
VO : What have been doing since then ?
Me : Started my career as xxx role in tcs and been promoted 4 times since then. Im now a project manager responsible for abc,xyz. My roles also include xyz,abc
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO : Since you already have good experience why do you want to pursue masters now ?
Me : Although I have good experience, i donot have hands on experience on analytics tools used by organizations and hence felt the need to upgrade by skills
VO : Who is sponsoring your education ?
Me : I have personal savings of xxx lakhs. My husband is supporting my masters with his savings of yyy lakhs in the form of shares. Apart from that i also have an educational loan from sbi 
VO : Please place your left hand four fingers on the scanner. Your visa is approved
Me : Thanks alot. Have a nice day. Takecare and stay safe 
VO : You too. Stay safe !
@f1interviewreviews


Fall 
Hyderabad
Slot time : 11:00
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ - Univ of South Florida
Counter no 27
VO is an asian

We greeted each other. 
VO: Please pass me your passport and i20
Me : Sure
VO:Why US?
Me:United states is land of excellence.Its every one's dream to persue masters in United states becuase of its practical way of learning.In us we can get matured outlook over trendy technologies because they are in application phase
(Interuupted by Vo)
Vo:What is specialization?
Me:Master's in Electrical Engineering
Vo:Why Usf?
I have choosen usf based on many factors.Usf always ranks top-50 public technological universities. it is is largest patent holder of florida state.many companies like tesla,3M,boeing are quite associated with electrical engineering department and great scale of research is gng on in association of students.I am quite attracted to the works of professor dr.morris chang who has done grt research on WIMax.Dr.Yilmaz who published several articles about cyber security awareness,threats and threat detection.usf has large number of student clubs and grps which not only impart technical knowledge but also life skilss which make me a complete industry ready individual
Vo:What is networking?
Me:Gave answer
Vo:Why us why not in india as you have same degree here?
Me:said about the tremendous development in field of networking and in india there is no such ciriculum to support embodiment of Al and basic subjects of EE
VO:how you gonna plan expenses?
Me:said funds,loan,cash equivalents
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo:what are the technologies used in networking?
Me:wire shank,solar winds,cisco packet tracer
Vo:what is plan after masters?
Me:i shall be completing my cpt and opts,shall be getting back to india ,taking care of my ancestral business,properties and start investing in my long term goal of establishing networking firm and datacenters
Vo:give me loan statement?
Me:gave
Vo:why shifting after having 2 years experience in IT?
Me:to fulfill my goal i should pocess indept knowledge about networking so i have opted this way to benefit my future.
Vo:Give me last 6 months bank statement
Me:gave
Vo:place your left fingers on scanner drop passport in the box
Me:dropped
The golden words visa approved.
@f1interviewreviews

F1 visa interview Experiences ❁:
22nd April (1st attempt)
Hyderabad
Status: REJECTED ❌

Counter 16

Me: Good morning mam
Vo: good morning, come forward
Show me ur i20 through glass
Me: sure mam 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: wright State University right?
Me: yes mam
Vo: When did you graduate?
Me: I have graduated in June 2020, from lovely professional University
Vo: Do you have any work experience?
Me: Yes mam, I have 12 months experience as an intern and 3 months as a full time employee in xxxx company mam.

Vo: sry, this time u are not eligible for American visa under 214b 
Me: can I reapply mam?
Vo: yes, you can
Me: Just a small question mam, can u plz tell me where the problem is, like it's my university choice or is there any fault in me that I have to correct?
Vo: U don't have enough experience....
Me: ok mam, Thank you.
@f1interviewreviews

27th April
Hyderabad
Slot time: 10 am
In time - 8:20
Out time - 8:45
Status - APPROVED ✅

VO was an American guy, around 45-50
Univ of Cincinnati

VO - Good morning. Please scan your passport to the bar code reader
Me - Did.
VO - Show me your i20 - he glanced over it quickly

VO - So you've a B1 visa already?
Me - Yes sir.
VO - And you never traveled to US before on B1/B2?
Me - No sir, had to cancel my trip.
VO - Where arw you going and for which course?
Me - I'm going to US for MS in Business Analytics at university of Cincinnati
VO - Which school you studied your bachelors and in which subject?
Me - 
VO - when did you graduate?
Me - 2018
VO - And what have you been doing since then?
Me - Working in Analytics industry for past 3 years
VO - So why masters now?
Me - Told how this program will help me to elevate my profile and reach next stage in my career
VO - How are you funding your studies?
Me - Told about Parents savings, my personal savings, scholarship from the university and approved education loan.
VO - so what does your parents do?
Me - xxxx
VO then asked a few questions about my parents salary, job profile and duties.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO - What do you plan to do after completing your studies?
Me - Mentioned about the booming analytics industry in India and how some startups are doing some amazing work.
VO - Tell me about a few startups and what do they do?
Me - 

VO - Place right hand fingers on scanner.
Done.
VO - Congrats, I'm approving your visa. Please drop your passport in the box and pickup a white slip.
@f1interviewreviews

27th April
Hyderabad
Slot time:10:30 am
Status - APPROVED ✅

Me: good morning mam
VO: hi show you passport and DS160
ME : I have shown my passport and ds-120
Vo : why USA?
ME: to pursue masters in computer science at University of Missouri Kansas City.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo : why umkc? 
Me: explain about course curriculum and research areas.
Vo: who is sponsoring education?
Me: my father is sponsoring my education. He is having rupees xx in his savings account ( vo interrupted)
Vo: place your right hand finger on the scanner. Your visa is approved.
Me : Thank you.
@f1interviewreviews

April 27th 
Hyderabad 
Time: 10:15
Status - APPROVED ✅

VO had a strong built aged around 30 years
He was looking straight into eyes with a very serious look which would make the applicant nervous 
University:UMKC 

VO: come forward 
Me: good morning sir
VO: good morning 
Me: how are you?
VO: looking the screen Im good and you
Me: I’m doing great sir. (VO still looking at the screen)
VO:so you are going for master’s?
Me: Yes sir
Vo: which university?
Me: university of missouri kansas city
VO: what are you studying there?
Me: I’m going to do masters in computer science with specialization of software engineering and system emphasis
VO: why did you choose this university?
Me: UMKC is offering subjects like computer vision and python as electives. My major project was based on computer vision and this university provides a massive scope of research in that field.I want to be under guidance of professor zui lui who is currently doing a research as well as teaching those subjects. That is the main reason why i want to be a part of umkc
Vo: When did you graduate?
Me: 2020 in September sir

Vo: why masters?
Me: while i was working on my major project i found few knowledge gaps. I want to be in par with current technology and work as full stack developer. Also people with master’s degree in india are given a better opportunities. These are the reasons why i want to get a masters degree
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: what is computer vision?
Me: computer vision (explained with example)
VO: who is funding you?
ME: i have a scholarship which covers 40% of my tution fee. And apart from that my parents are sponsoring. My father works as he earns xx lakhs... and my mother works as ... she earn xx lakhs per annum. We have fixed deposits from 21 years of x crore and immovable ancestral assets worth x crores
VO: what are your plans for future.
Me: I’m currently working at accenture if i get visa today i will go home and apply for sabbatical leave and after doing master’s I’ll come back to india and work as full stack developer at accenture in a position of senior program analyst.
VO: place your right hand. Drop your passport. Your visa has been approved 
Me: thank you so much . Have a nice day.
@f1interviewreviews

April 27th 
Hyderabad
slot time: 10:30
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ- UMKC

Me : Good morning sir
VO : Good morning
VO : Did u travelled to the US ?
Me : No sir I did not travelled
VO : Say about your undergraduation?
Me : I have completed my graduation in September 2020 in Mahatma Gandhi institute of technology.
VO: Stream?
Me: In electronics and communication engineering, I chose ECE because it involves both software and hardware applications.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: I see that your working in Amazon right?
Me : Yes sir, I joined the company in March 1st 2021 just for experience.
VO : who is sponsoring you?
Me : My father is sponsoring me
VO: what does he do?
Me: He works as sales executive in coca-cola company.
VO: Annual income?
Me : My father earns 13.7 lakh per annum.
VO: savings?
Me: My father has 10 lakhs savings and I have an secured loan of 35 lakhs.
VO : secured loan based on?
Me : property
VO : Place your left and right hand.
and drop you passport in Dropbox.
Your visa is approved.
Me : Thank you very much sir.
@f1interviewreviews

April 29th 
Hyderabad
slot time: 10:00
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ- UTD

Me : Good morning sir
VO : Good morning
VO : Did u travelled to the US ?
Me : No sir 
VO : Say about your undergraduation?
Me : I have completed my under graduation in May last year  in computer science specialisation in networks and security 
VO: Tell me more about it technical wise
Me: said about how the networking between the computers work 
VO : who is sponsoring you?
Me : My father and mother both are sponsoring me
VO: what does your mother do?
Me: She is into business and have have houses on her which are given for rents
VO:what does your father do?
Me: He is also into business both are into same business 
VO:what business?
Me: sir they are into xxxx
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: There Annual income?
Me : My parents earns xx lakhs per annum.
VO: any savings?
Me: My father has xx lakhs savings and I have an secured loan of xx lakhs from union bank of india
VO : secured loan based on?
Me : property sir my house 
VO : is it on your name
Me : No sir it is on my fathers name
VO : Place your left hand
VO : drop you passport in Dropbox.
Your visa is approved.
Me : Thank you very much sir.
@f1interviewreviews

April 29th 
Hyderabad
slot time: 11:45
Interview time : 9:00
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ- University of Cincinnati 

Me : Good morning Mam, How are you?
VO : Good morning, I’m good
VO : Show me your passport(for scanning the barcode)
Me : did
VO : I20
Me : showed (had a quick glance)
VO : when and where did you complete your undergraduation?
Me : I have completed my undergraduation in May 2018 from Vignan institute of engineering for women. 
VO: Stream?
Me: Computer science 
VO: What have you been doing since then
Me :I have been working for Capgemini from past 3 years.
VO : Tell me about your work?
Me : Currently I’m working for *** client, I design websites which improves efficiency of workflow of multiple users at different levels of organisation.(interrupted)
VO: what is your role?
Me: I participate in requirement analysis and collaborate with my internal team to..(interrupted)
VO : Software developer?
Me : yes, software developer
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO : who is sponsoring?
Me : My father
VO : what does he do?
Me : He is a central government employee. He is working as senior foreman in Visakhapatnam steel plant. 
VO: Annual income?
Me : 15 lakh per annum.
VO: What does he do for VSP?
Me: He is into Mechanical department. He looks into machinery issues.
VO: How are you going to pay your tuition fee?
Me: My father has 17 lakhs in savings account and 40 lakhs in PF account.
VO : Do you have loan?
Me :yes
VO: Amount?
Me: 25 lakhs
VO : Place your left hand four fingers.
and drop you passport in Dropbox.
Your visa is issued
Me : Thank you Mam.
VO : Welcome
Me : Stay safe
VO : you too.
@f1interviewreviews

April 30th 
Hyderabad
slot time: 10:00
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ- Oklahoma state university 

Me : Good morning sir
VO : Good morning
VO : scan your passport and show me your i20 through the glass.
Me: Did as said
VO : Tell me about your background in information technology. (I20 course name is information technology)
Me : Said about my work experience 
VO : who is sponsoring you?
Me : I have an education bank loan of xx Lakhs
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: Do you have any saving?
Me: yes.. we have about xx lakhs.
VO : what is your education loan secured on??
Me : House property.
VO:what do your parents do?
Me: My father works as a team manager in xx company and mother is a solution architect in xx company
VO:what is their annual income combined?
Me: xx lakhs.
VO : Place your left hand
VO : drop you passport in Dropbox.
Your visa is approved.
Me : Thank you very much sir.
@f1interviewreviews

+---------------------
Consulate: Hyderabad
Visa status: Approved
VO: Young guy in his late 20s I guess
VO: Please show me your passport and i20
VO: Tell me about your background in Computer Engineering
Me: Started telling about my undergrad and work ex
VO: Interrupted me and asked surprisingly  "You work at Nvidia??"
Me: Yes, since 3 yrs...
VO: Your visa is approved. Enjoy San diego

US Consulate Hyderabad 
14 June 2021
Slot time: 10 am 
Entered: 8.45 am
Was out by: 10.10 am
Status: approved ✅✔️
Interview time: 60-75 sec
Had to give my passport and DS 160 outside (this wasnt asked for everyone. I think they took mine as I had biometric in Delhi). They gave it back and I stood in the queue. 
Vo: Asked for passport and i20. Tell me about your background 
Me: Undergrad in Information Science, worked for a year. 
Vo: You are working at <company> right? 
Me: Yes 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: What specialization do you want to do at <University>? 
Me: I am not doing any specialization as I don't want to narrow my scope. 
Vo: Okay. Tell me about your funding
Me: Parents are funding my education
Vo: What do they do? 
Me: Mom works at <company> and dad at <company> 
Vo: What is the annual income? 
Me: answered. 
Vo: What about savings? 
Me: answered. 
Vo: Are you taking a loan?
Me: No
Vo: Place 4 fingers of your left hand on the scanner.
Me: placed. (heard a click sound)
Vo: Your visa is approved. Have a great day. Put your passport in the box. 
Me: Thank you!
@f1interviewreviews

Interview date: June 14
Consulate: Hyderabad
Status: Refused, 221g white slip
Me: Good morning officer
University's:  of New Mexico
VI: Good morning, Can you show me the bar code on your passport
After typing 
VI: Can you hold your I20 against the glass
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Types again
VI: Said something
Me: Is it about my thesis work?
VI: yes
Me: explained shortly
VI: Is it related to metallurgy
Me: No, I will be working in Mechanical engineering department and my work is some what related to Materials science.
VI: I want more information about your thesis
Me: Explained little more
VI: Place your right hand four fingers.

Mean while he gave me 221g and said you will receive email with 24hrs and reply to it as soon as possible to get your process done fast. 
He asked me to keep my passport with me. Anyone knows anything about this please let me know
@f1interviewreviews

15 June
Appointment: EA
Consulate: Hyderabad 
Status-APPROVED ✅

UNIV: Rochester Institute of Technology 
Course: MS CS

Last Friday I received a call from US consulate Hyderabad saying that they have a visa slot for me. 

I went 10mins before and there was already a line before the gate.

VO was a mid aged well built guy, he seemed very chill.

VO: Hi
Me: Hi 
Me: I mean good morning sir.
VO : very good morning
VO : Show me your passport through the glass and your i20
VO : What course?
Me : MS CS at RIT.
VO : Oh okay. What's your background to support this course?
Me : I'm working as a software developer sir at...
VO : (interrupted and said) at XXX company?
Me : Yes
VO: what do you do at XXX?
Me: Full stack development sir.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO : Okay. What's your Financials like?
Me : (I stuttered while answering this, VO was like relax take your time) I have my personal saving, took a loan and have scholarship to support the total expenditure.
VO: why this university?
Me: Machine learning research work there was really great for the past couple of years. And I want to pursue that...( I stuttered again 🤦‍♂) . I said sorry sir, I wasn't able to put that into a proper sentence. 
VO: Don't worry about that.
Me: (inside, okay I definitely screwed this up)
VO: Take the covid travel slip, place your fingers on the scanner. Drop your passport into the box.
VO : Your visa is approved
Me: (surprised pikachu face) Thanks a lot sir.
VO: thank you.
@f1interviewreviews

@f1interviewreviews
June 15th, Hyderabad slot - 10:00
Regular Appointment.
In Time: 9:15
Out Time: 10:50
Interview time: 2 min
University : UNT
Status : Approved✅

I was about to wish him good morning, but he cut off and started the interview.

Vo asked to show my passport and i20
He scanned barcode on the passport.
Vo: Tell me your background
Me: I completed my UG in CS and started working at XXX company.
Vo: So you have been working since your graduation?
Me: Yes officer.
Vo: what is your role in the work.
Me: Told
then he asked two more questions on the technology I am  working.
Vo: any specialisation in CS
Me: data mining
Vo: is your work related to the course
Me: yes Officer
Vo: do you have loan
Me: yes (I just said yes, I thought I should have told him loan amount).
Vo: Is it collateral?
Me: yes officer.
Vo: how you are funding your education.
Me: my parents are sponsoring my education with ..( he started asking next question before listening the amount)
Vo: what do they do
Me: they own business
Vo: what is their salary
Me:their income is XX lacks per annum
Vo: your visa is approved, please drop your passport in the box
Me: thank you so much

*My visa experience*
ASU CS

Visa Experience
17th June
Hyderabad
Slot: 10am (Regular)
Status: Approved✅
University: Arizona State University
Counter no 10
Only 1 VI
In: 9:50am
Out: 11:10am
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Duration: Around 2 to 3 minutes

Mine was the last interview.

VO was a American guy in his late twenties. He was very quick, both in interview and speech.

* didn't have the time to greet him *

VO:Please show me your passport, i 20
( showed on the glass )
VO:  What background do you have in this field?
Me: I did my under graduation in Computer science and engineering with specialization in ML and AI from xxx.. (he cut me and asked the next question)
VO: So you want to pursue masters in the same field?
Me: Yes
VO: What is your background in your specialization?
Me: We had to 4 electives in our undergraduation and I chose all of 4 of them in the field of ML and AI, namely, <gave my subs names>, which create the foundations in this field.. (cut me and went to next question)
VO: How are u sponsoring your education?
Me: I have an educational loan sanctioned for Rs.xxx lakhs from SBI..(cut me)
VO: Is the loan on some property?
Me: Yes sir. Its collateral.
VO: What's your annual income?
Me: xxx lakhs
VO: What does ur father do?
Me: He is a professor in ×××
VO: Which subject?
Me: Xxx
VO: Is your mother working?
Me: Yes. She is an Assistant Professor in xxx.
VO: Same subject?
Me: No sir. ×××(told the subject)
VO: 
VO:Okay. Please place your right hand 4 fingers on the scanner . Congratulations, I am approving your visa. Have a great day. Drop the passport in the bin.
Me: Thank you Sir!


As far as I've observed, he approved all the visas today

There was a guy before me, who was very nervous and tensed.
He didnt know his collateral value, doesnt know his loan's roi, didnt have some documents the VO asked for.... and he still got his visa approved. 

So don't worry people, you'll get tours approved too.

All the best!!
@f1interviewreviews


Consulate : Hyderabad
Date: 17 june 2021
Slot time: 10:00
Status: Approved ✅
University: University of Florida
Duration: 1-2 min
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Vo was Young and sounded friendly.

Vo: Hi Good Morning, How are you?
Me: Good Morning, I am good.
Vo : Show me the passport and then your I20
Vo:  Tell me about your background in CS
Me: Told about Under-graduation and Current Job
Vo:  What is your area of interest for your master's?
Me: I am interested in Human Computer Interaction and UF is know for it so I'll be taking up electives related to it.
Vo: Tell me about your funding
Me: I have an achievement award scholarship of $4500 and Savings of XX Lakhs and Edu Loan of YY Lakhs.
Vo: Who is your sponsor and what is the collateral?
Me: Parents and myself. Collateral is FD.
Vo: What does your mother do?
Me: Told
Vo: What does your father do?
Me: Told
Vo: What is the combined income?
Me: XX to YY lakhs
Vo: Typed for 2 mins and then asked me to place left hand 4 fingers on the scanner.
Vo : Drop your passport in the box. I am approving your Visa
Me: Thanks a lot. Have a great day.

Keep your answers short and crisp.
The aim of the Vo is to approve visa not reject it 😬

@f1interviewreviews

17th Jun. 
Hyderabad(EA)
Slot time : 8 am
In time : 8 am
Out time : 8.30 am
Status : Approved ✅

As I had emergency appointment I got both biometrics and appointment on same day and time.

Interview duration : 1-2 min 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews


VO: Good morning
Me:Good morning, 
VO: Please pass me your I-20 and Passport

Passed

VO : What is your purpose of visit ??
Me : I am going for Masters in  computer and Information sciences at  university of  central florida

VO: What is your major  in undergrad?
Me : electrical and electronics engineering 

VO : why switch to cs
Me : gave my explanation.
( He also asked what are u going to take as major in masters.I said as I have experience in xx technology I want to go for advance technologies)

VO: who will be sponsoring you?
Me : My husband 

VO: He asked about sponser work ,salary and savings
Me: Told all details as he asked.

VO :  have you taken an education loan ? 
Me : no

VO : have you travelled USA before
Me : No 

VO : Scan all fingers on the scanner, 
your visa is approved!!! congratulations!!!!
@f1interviewreviews


17th June 
Hyderabad
Slot Time : 8:30 am 
In time:8:05
Out time 8:20
Interview Time : 8:15 am 
Status: APPROVED ✅
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Univ- Arizona State University, 
Me: Good Morning sir hope you doing good today sir
(Not replied)
After some time 
VO:Hey good morning 
Me: Good morning sir hope you are doing good today
VO: Show me your passport and i20 through the glass
(Scanned passport and seen the major in I20)
Vo:What is your background in IT
Me: I have done undergrad in IT.I have also published 3 papers in IT security(interrupted)
VO:What did you do in that research papers
Me:Told paper titles
VO: what does your mother do?
Me:She holds a boutique at my hometown
VO: what does your father do?
Me:He has retired as a gazetted govt official.He is currently into agriculture 
Vo: What was his designation?
Me:told
Vo:Do he receive his pension?
Me:Yes sir he receives a pension of 6Lpa and 2 Lpa from agriculture 3 lpa from my mother boutique business 
Vo:Do you have any loan?
Me:yes sir 40 l rupees from central bank of India 
Vo:Is it is secured one?
Me:Yes sir I have mortgaged one of my dad’s plot to the bank
Vo:Any savings
Me:20 Lakhs of savings sir
VO:drop your passport in that box
Me: I specifically asked in that box
Vo: yes in that
Me:dropped
Vo:you may leave
Me:Ok thank you sir have a great day
@f1interviewreviews

16th June
Hyderabad 
Status: Approved ✅
Emergency appointment 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
University of north Texas 
Interview duration: 1-2 min 
Slot: 8:15Am emergency appointment 
In-time: 8:50Am
Out-time: 9.45 AM
Counter no: 11 (A American guy who is in late 20’s, male American  VO who maintains eye contact )

I was scared because he rejected a female in-front of me because she is going to mba he asked why you did your ug in technical background and changing to mba 
She is given some ans which not satisfy to him 
He given yellow slip to her and he told next

I am abt wish him 
Vo- good morning 
Me - good morning sir 

Vo- show me your passport 
Me- placed near glass to scan the barcode 

VO-show me your I20 
Me: Placed 

VO: Which course you are going to 
Me: I am going for masters in data science 

VO:oh data science and he given some positive expression in his face ok tell me about your back ground ? 
Me: I complete my bachelor in computer science in 2018 since 2018 I am working  in xx company 

Vo interrupted- you worked on big data he asked (becoz I mention in my ds160)
Me - yes sir I worked on big data,python and share point which gave even more interest in data science 

Vo - tell me your funding 
Me - parents are sponsoring 

Vo interpreted- what did your parents do 
Me - told

Vo - any savings 
Me - yes XX lakhs 

Vo - any loan 
Me - yes approved loan xx money In xx bank 

Vo- is that collateral 
Me- yes sir 

Vo - place your fingers and drop your passport in drop box 
He was watching till I dropped my passport 
Vo- congrats I am approving your vissa happy stay in usa 
Me - thank you so much sir 



It was very good confidence is key if you are confident then the interview was so easy before me he asked on guy to show every proof the interview last him about 10 min but  at last he approved the visa but in my case he not even ask anything only i20 and passport so get all the documentation 
As possible so prepare your course work and be confident it was so simple to finish it off . 

All the best
@f1interviewreviews

Interview experience
Date - 18 june
Consulate - Hyd

REJECTED ❌
 http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: what is your specialization?
Me : No specialization, I don't want to limit myself.
VO:-took a look at me and asked " no specialization ?"
 Me:- no speciaizatoon 
Vo:- what is your background?
Me:- I have done my bachelor's in computer science at XXX  . I have been working as a software developer since then.
VO: in what field?
Me: I have been working as a full stack developer.
VO : why do you want to pursue masters?
Me: Having worked for 2 years in IT industry, I have learnt a lot about software development and have a good " know-how " of computer science, but more technical knowledge of and research in the field is going to serve a lot ,when I come back to India and choose a company of my choice . Also, higher educational qualifications means that I have better technical knowledge and have a better edge when compared to others in the competitive world. ( Recited very fastly ,like I learnt the answer )

VO: place ur fingers for biometrics .
( Understood that I got rejected )
Unfortunately you are not eligible for US VISA. i know it's disappointing but you can always re apply later .

Me:- can I know where I went wrong.
Vo:- it is mentioned in the slip.
@f1interviewreviews

18 June 
Hyderabad
Status-APPROVED ✅ 

Univ- University of Cincinnati
Interview Duration: 3minutes
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Me : Good morning!
VO : Good morning! Please pass me your passport, I-20.
<< I placed the documents>>  

VO: Typing for 1 min
VO : So, computer science? 
Me: yes sir. Masters in computer science at university of cincinnati

VO: what's the specialisation 
Me: No specialisation sir. it's general computer science and the university provides courses from multiple tracks like data science

VO: whats your background in data science 
Me: worked on ML projects in my work and explained one project in brief

VO: What does your mother do
Me: she works as an IT consultant 

Vo: what does your father do?
Me: he works as a sales consultant 

Vo: what is their income 
Me: my Father's annual income is xx lakhs and moms income is yy lakhs

VO: any family savings?
Me: yes my family has savings of xx thousand dollars and I also have a bank loan of yy thousand dollars 

Vo: Is the loan based on property?
Me: yes sir, we took the loan on an apartment owned by my family 

VO: please place your four fingers (biometrics) and drop the passport in the box
Me : Thank you officer
@f1interviewreviews

Date: June 17 
Hyderabad consulate 
REJECTED
Slot: 10:30  
Univ: Northeastern university 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
(PS: I am from a CS background) 
Me: Good Morning officer 
VO: Good Morning.Please pass me your passport, I-20. 
<< I placed the documents>>   
VO: So, tell me about your experience in the field of Telecommunications 
Me: Due to SEVIS restriction, they have given telecom but it is Network engineering which comes under computer science. 
VO: so, tell me about your experience in that field 
Me: I started off as a web developer but later, I realized there were issues with the data loss and speed. Currently, India ranks 128th in the global data speed index, which is very less for a developing nation. Whereas, USA has a ranking in the top 10. And I wanted to know why that is the case.(Cut my line, I wanted to explain about my projects) 
VO: Can’t you do that in India? 
Me: No. I have spoken to prof xx there and he is also pursuing research in the same topic as I am interested in, that is network virtualization and providing optimal network solutions 
VO: So, you graduated in october 2020 
Me: Yes  
VO: So, do you want to go deep into the internet and routing? 
Me: No, that is only one part of network engineering. There are other topics as well like network virtualization and Software defined networks. 
VO: Ok, place your right hand on the scanner. I am sorry but you are ineligible for the visa. You can reapply later. 
Handed me a 214b form.
@f1interviewreviews

21 June 
Hyderabad (EA)
Status : APPROVED ✅
Slot time :8.30

Univ-SFSU

VO was a young chill guy. 
little fast.
Only one counter was opened 
VO:Good morning, plz show me ur passport barcode
Me:Good morning sir,Showed my passport barcode 
VO:Show me ur I20
Me:Here sir
VO:So masters in engineering
Me:Yes Sir, Master's in Embedded Electrical and Computer System(SFSU)
VO:What's ur UG
Me: My UG is in EEE from College of Engineering, Chengannur afflicted to apj abdul kalam technological university
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO:Ok, Tell me about funding
Me:My father and uncle are sponsoring me
VO:What are they
Me:My father is a govn licensed Electrical Contractor and uncle is a bank manager at Kuwait International bank
VO: What are their income
Me:My father has 15 lak saving, uncle has 35 lakh saving and 30 FD
VO: Any Loan
Me:Yes, 35 lak from SBI
VO:OK, Please scan ur four finger's and drop the passport
Me:Thank u soo much sir, thankyou.
@f1interviewreviews

21 June 
Hyderabad regular
Status : APPROVED ✅
Slot time :10.00

Univ-UTA
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO was a young chill guy. 
little fast.
Only one counter Number 10 was opened 
VO:Good morning, plz show me ur passport barcode
Me:Good morning sir,Showed my passport barcode 
VO:Show me ur I20
Me:there you go
VO:what is your undergrad
Me:I did my btech in computer science and graduated in 2019 and I landed a job (he cut me there)
VO: oh your worked in xxx company
VO:Ok, Tell me about your job role
Me: explained ( he cut me there again )
VO:What does your father do
Me: he is a central government employee works in xxx company
VO: What does he do there?
Me: explained
VO: Any Loan
Me:Yes, xxx lakhs from sbi which is secured
VO:OK, Please scan ur four finger's and drop the passport
Me:Thank u soo much sir, thankyou.
@f1interviewreviews

21 June 
Hyderabad (EMERGENCY APPOINTMENT)
Status : APPROVED 
Slot time : 8:30

Univ- ASU
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Only one counter was open. 

VO:please show me your passport
VO:Show me ur I20

VO:-What is your UG background?
ME:- I have completed my under-grad in the field of computer science and engineering in the year 2018 at amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham


VO:-What is your specialization? (Both UG and Masters)
ME:-My area of interest and specialization is on data mining and data visualization, machine learning officer , even I opted 1st sem course such as 

VO:-What is your work background and your role in it? 
ME:-Officer, I  work as a data analyst,  I work for middle east client called xxx international, basically it’s a retail firm which consist of 1000 stores My role and responsibilities in my current project is, As it’s a large Firm consist of 1000+ stores , and my client want to bring him own credit card system, My task is to analyse the credit card penetration trend in the stores using cluster analysis 

VO:-Why do you want to pursue Masters? 
ME:-  After being in the industry for 3 years, specifically in the field of data analytics, I have   realised my short comings w.r.t statistics. In future,I would like to work as a data scientist which needs advanced statistical and programming skills.

VO:-Funding?

ME:-I've taken a collateral loan of xxx lakhs from Bank of Baroda. Apart from that my father who was a retired Government university professor, he'll be sponsoring my education with a savings of xx lakhs in the from of fixed deposit and savings also we have an immovable property of worth xx crore and moveable assets of XX Lakhs which can be liquidated at any time!

VO: Please place your right hand fingers on the scanner and drop your passport in the dropbox
Me: Thank you Sir
@f1interviewreviews


Interview Date: June 21st 
Location: Hyderabad(fingerprints on June 7th - Delhi)
Appointment: Regular(Booked two months back)
Counter Num: 10(only one counter was open)
Slot Time: 10 AM
In time: 8:45 AM
Out time 10:20 AM
Interview Duration: 2-3 min(mostly he was typing)

Status: APPROVED ✅


Univ- University of Missouri-Kansas City(MS in CS)
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Me: Good Morning Officer
(Not replied)
After some time 
VO: Show me your passport and i20 through the glass
(Scanned passport and seen the major in I20)
VO: What is your background?
Me: I had done my undergraduate in computer science from GITAM university in 2018. I have a CGPA of 8.07/10
VO: What are you doing since then?
Me: I have been working as Data Scientist for the past two years.
VO: So you will choose Data science as a specialization?
Me: Yes, sir.
VO: Good, Nice choice. How are you funding your studies?
Me: I have an 8K$ scholarship per year. And I have a loan from Axis Bank of amount 27lakhs.
VO: Is it on a collateral basis?
Me: Yes, sir, Our House is the collateral.
VO: Any other sponsors?
Me: My uncle is sponsoring me. He has BB lakhs in savings.
VO: What does he do?
Me: He is a teacher in the state government school.
VO: What is his salary?
Me: xx LPA (he raised his eyebrows, immediately said his salary increased to yy LPA due to PRC).
VO: Any other Sponsors?
Me: My father is also sponsoring me.
VO: what does he do?
Me: He is principal at a private college.
VO: what is his salary? 
Me: zz LPA
VO: Ok, Place your fingerprints on the scanner.
Me: I placed my right hand four fingers, he asked me to put my left hand four fingers.
VO: drop your passport in that box
Me: Dropped.

@f1interviewreviews

