Fall intake
9th April
Kolkata (First Attempt)
Slot Time : 09:30am
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ- University at buffalo
Counter : 02

VO: Hey good morning!!
Me : Good Morning Sir.
VO: Please pass me your passport and I20
Me: Sure sir.(gave passport, i20 and sevis receipt.)

VO: Which course?
Me: I am going to pursue masters in MIS from UB.
VO : Tell me about your bachelor's?
Me : Mentioned my undergrad details, year of completion and dept.
VO: Who is sponsoring your education?
Me: told
VO: Started verifying my sevis receipt and asked me for fingerprint validation.

VO: What about quarantine rules?
Me : As per the latest discussion with my university advisor, I will have to quarantine myself for 14 days in university dorms.

VO: Your program start date?
Me: 30th August sir.

VO: I believe you are too early for your visa interview.
Me: Sir, my college advisor mentioned that visa interview can be taken at any point, only the printing will be done 120 days before my course start date.

VO: So are you ok if we hold your passport for 20-25 days?

Me: Yes sir, you can hold my passport till it gets printed as I am not travelling anywhere.

VO : I am approving your Visa. Thank you.
Me : Thank you so much sir.
@f1interviewreviews


April 14
Kolkata (1st Attempt)
Slot time: 8am 
Status-APPROVED ✅
Univ: Oakland university 

Pc:Had Masters degree in Australia

Vo: good morning 
Me : Good morning officer how’re you ??
VO: Good Thanks, please pass me your passport and I20
Me: here it is officer 
Vo: looks like you’ve been to Australia
Me: yes officer 
VO:You already have masters in IT 
Me: Yes officer 
VO him talking about diff  b/w Engineering management and IT.
f1interviewreviews
VO: why this uni any special research ??
Me : Oakland University is one of the biggest universities in the Midwest region of the United States of America. Research by the professors at Oakland suits my personal area of interest and also there are very few universities which are offering the course with the curriculum that I am interested in. And Oakland is one of them and this is the main reason that I have chosen Oakland University for my master’s in engineering management.
VO : what does your father do ?
Me : He is a central govt employees so and so company 
VO : Congratulations your visa is approved 
Me : Thank you officer 
VO: Travel safe have a good time
@f1interviewreviews

EA
5th May
Kolkata 
Slot Time : 11:15
Status : 221g (APPROVED ✅)

Counter : 05
Univ- Wright state university

VO: Hey good morning!!
Me : Good Morning.
VO: pass me your passport and I20
Me: yeah sure sir and gave them
VO: What are you going to do?
Me: I am going to pursue masters in computer science
VO : what have you done in Bachelors?
Me : I did my Btech in ECE 2015 but working in computer science filed for last 5years
VO: working for 5 years?
Me: yes sir
VO: why wright state?
Me : told about 10 subjects in curriculum and i have option to chose 5 subjects based on interest and also about KNO.E.SIS research lab and said like research is related to my current work experience. also added 10K$ scholarship.
VO: Can i see the scholarship letter?
Me: It is mentioned in I20 sir 
VO: i see but is there any letter that shows particularly scholarship?
Me: It is there in admission letter, since i had I20 on this univ i did not bring admission letter
VO: He checked and said like But I20 says only 5k$ ?
Me: Sir it is mentioned for one year in I20 but for whole course of 2 years it is 10K $
VO: okay fine, but i will mention as 5K$ scholarship as i can see the same on I20.
Me: Okay sir, fine.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: why masters now?
Me : Told him about the research opportunities want to improve my skills and masters degree with my work experience will help to get great jobs back in India.
VO: How are you funding your education?
Me: I have savings amount of xx lakhs and properties worth x CR and also have 10K $ scholarship. My father is supporting my education.
VO: Do you have any friends or family members in US?
Me: No sir
typed for 5 mins later gave my I20 first and then passport and took color slip
VO: Here is the deal man, your start program is 10th may now, if you can talk to university and change start date to on or after 1st August 2021 then we can approve Visa otherwise i cannot do anything.
Me: Okay sir i will talk to university, do i have to comeback again for interview?
VO: no need, just email the new I20. We will approve your visa. 
Me : Thank you sir
@f1interviewreviews


25th May
Kolkata (EA)
Slot time: 10:30 am
Status-APPROVED ✅
Interview Duration: 5 mins

VO was a male American aged between 30-35 yrs.
University- UTD

VO: Good morning, how are you?
Me: Good morning, I am fine. How are you doing today?
VO: He replied back. asked me for my passport,i20 and sevis fee receipt.
Me: Passed the documents to him.
VO: Have you ever been to the United States?
Me: No.
VO: Are you married?
Me: No, Single.
VO: So, UTD?
Me: Yes.
VO: Why Business Analytics?
Me: Since class 10th, I am very much interested into problem solving and decision making. Business analytics is a course which will teach me to solve a real-word problem and will also make me the learn the business and technical aspects of it.
VO: Do you have a bachelor’s degree?
Me: Yes, I did my bachelor’s in Computer Science Engineering from Lovely Professional University. I graduated in May 2020 and since then I am working as a Senior Associate- Data Analyst at Delhivery.
VO: Which other universities did you applied to?
Me: I had applied to 3 universities and received admits from all of them. Named the univs.
VO: Why did you choose UTD over others?
Me: The MS in Business Analytics program at UTD is ranked among the top 30 universities of the world. The curriculum of Business Analytics with Data Science concentration suits my interests as well as professional experience. Above that, I have received a scholarship amount of 5000 us dollars.
VO: How much is the Rate of Interest for the loan?
Me: Told.
VO: He looked at the i20, from where the personal funds are coming?
Me: My father and my grandfather is sponsoring me. They are having a savings of xxx lakhs and above that I have an approved education loan of xxx lakhs INR.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO: What’s their occupation?
Me: My father is having business of rice, jute, potato. We export these commodities to various merchants across India. My Grandfather is a kerosene oil licensed dealer.
He went inside for 2 mins. I was able to see him from the window-panes that he was having a chit-chat with someone. After he came back, he told me that I am approving your visa.
Me: Thanks a lot Sir.
VO: When is your program start date?
Me: 23rd August,2021
VO: Then, you don’t have apply for NIE. Just fly after 24th July. Have a nice stay in the US.
@f1interviewreviews


Visa slot updates 👇
https://t.me/joinchat/d-a1ooXDBTY2ZGU9

25th May
Kolkata 
EA
Status - APPROVED ✅
Univ- San Jose State University 

Initial VAC - 23rd April 
Initial Appointment- 27th April (Got cancelled -Chennai)

Me - Hey, good morning.
 How are you doing? 
VO- Good, pass me your i20, passport and SEVIS confirmation. 

VO- oh Artificial Intelligence? 
Me - yeah. 
VO- Are you married? 
Me- No. Do I look that old? 
VO- Do you have a sibling in US? 
Me - Nope. 
VO- Any siblings here? 
Me - Yeah I have a younger sister. 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO - What’s she’s doing? 
Me - She’s doing her undergrads in Chennai. 
VO - Ah great. I can see your application now. So why AI? 
Me- briefly told him that I’m interested in AI. Got interested after several projects, a publication and a patent
VO- Who’s funding? 
Me:told him that my father is funding my education, his occupation and how much he makes
VO- oh great. Your visa is approved. But I’m not sure when you will receive your passport. 
Me - Thanks, stay safe!
@f1interviewreviews

EA VAC 26/05 : New Delhi
EA Applied Date : 21 May 2021
EA Approved Date : 21 May 2021

3rd June 
Kolkata (Regular Appointment)
Status - APPROVED ✅

VO was a guy around around 35 years of Age.
Univ- Texas Tech University 

Vo: Please hand me over the passport and i20
Me: Did
Vo: Sevis receipt please 
Me: gave him the sevis receipt 
Vo: Texas Tech, PhD in Biological Sciences 
Me: Yes sir
Vo: Any particular research field
Me:
He was typing and reading the i20
Vo: Are you married? 
Me:No, I am not married.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: So your field is related climate change! That's an important field!
Me: yes sir

Vo: So you will be getting TA and RA both! 
Me: That's correct 

Vo: Why Texas Tech? 
Me: Texas Tech is a R1 research university. My research interest aligned with faculty research interest. And the xxx lab I will be joining has done some breakthrough research in my field. Added to that, the lab is consists of 8 professors and 5 international collaborations as well. That's why I have chosen Texas Tech. 
VO: congratulations your visa is approved.
Me: Thank you sir
Vo: Please carry a negative covid report 
Me: Thank you sir. Have a good day.
@f1interviewreviews


3rd June 
Kolkata (Regular Appointment)
Status - APPROVED ✅

VO was a guy around around 30 years of Age.
Univ- UNCC

Vo:Which University and program?
Me: Uncc Ms in civil engineering 
Vo: Tell me about your specialisation?
Me: described briefly about transportation engineering and it’s scope in India 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: How many universities did you apply to?
Me: 4
Vo: why this university?
Me:  mentioned about the flexible curriculum electives and mentioned two professors 
Vo: What are your future plans?
Me: Told I’ll come back to India and take care of my dads company.
Vo: Asked how many employees are there in your company
Me: around 50
Vo: I’m approving your visa have a safe journey.
@f1interviewreviews

4th June 
Kolkata (Regular Appointment)
Status - APPROVED ✅

VO was a guy around around 30 years of Age.
Univ- Texas A&M University,
College Station

Vo:Good Morning
Me: Good morning sir
Vo: Please pass your passport and i20
Me: passed
Vo: So, Texas A&M is it? You'll be an Aggie
Me: Yeah, haha
Vo: Tell me more about your program
Me: I will be pursuing a PhD program in biomedical engineering (and then proceeded by explaining a few technicalities) 
Vo: brief me about your masters
Me: this is a direct PhD with no masters, I have my undergrad in EEE from Ramaiah school of advanced studies.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Vo: Tell me more
Me: I also am working as a project assistant in centre for Nanoscience and engineering, IISc which added to my relevant experiences list. 
Vo: So this is a fully funded program with graduate assistantship, congratulations I'm approving your visa! 
Me: thank you very much, you made my day
Vo: uh-huh (jovial way)
@f1interviewreviews


7th June 
Kolkata (Regular Appointment) 
Slot Time : 9.00 AM
Status : APPROVED ✅

Univ: University of Dayton

VO : Hi,How are you
Me : Hi Im gud how about u
VO: I'm gud, Pass me your Passport and i20.
Me: Done
VO : So u have been to US previously rite?
Me : Yes on L2 visa
VO: So what are your plans after masters?
Me: I have shortlisted few companies like IBM,Microsoft and Google in India where i could work as Cybersecurity analyst after my masters as there is a huge scope in my country.
VO: Thats good.Did u get any other offers other than this university?
Me: yes I got offer in University of Boston,Pacific University(California),Depaul University(chicago) and this one university of Dayton
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO : So why did u choose Dayton?
Me : yes i compared course structures of all these universities and found out that University of Dayton provides list of courses related to Cybersecurity domain which is my area of interest.I know a professor named **** who is currently doing research on Cybersecurity domain which would help me get a realtime exposure on this subject.This university has a track record of achievements on this advanced course...thats y i chose this University.
VO:Great who is sponsering?
Me:My father is sponsering and i also have a education loan
VO:What does your father do?
Me:My father is a project manager in Ford(he stopped asking further questions)
VO:Wow thats good.Ok,Im approving your visa
@f1interviewreviews


June 8
Kolkata (Regular)
Time: 8:30AM 
Status: APPROVED ✅

University-Yale Univ (Phd)

VO: Greetings.
Me: Greetings
VO: Please provide passport and I20.
VO: Why Yale?
Me: Answered covering (a) Research Focus, (b) Past academic experience, (c) Academic papers
VO: And your PhD is fully sponsored with stipend?
Me: Yes. Should I explain about my stipend structure?
VO: No, that's alright. Congrats, your visa is approved
@f1interviewreviews

8th June
Kolkata 
Status-APPROVED ✅

Univ- Carnegie Mellon University

Me: Good morning
VO: Good morning, your passport and I20 please
passed I20 and Passport 
VO: Please place the 4 fingers of your left hand on the scanner
 
Vo: Tell me about your program
Me: spoke about my specialization, courses and professors 
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO:  How will you be funded?
Me: I will be funded by my parents and I have also been sanctioned an education loan
VO: And what do your parents do?
Me: told their profession, I was just starting to mention about salary and savings 
VO: (interrupting) That's great, your visa is approved! 

Me: Thank you. Have a great day!
@f1interviewreviews

8th June
Kolkata
Slot time-9:15 am
Status - APPROVED ✅

Univ - Northeastern University Boston
Vo- Is a guy around 25-30 years old 
Only one counter is present 

Me- Good morning Officer. How are you doing
Vo- Good morning.. please pass me your passport 
Yeah im doing good 
Me- passes the passport
place your left hand four fingers 
Vo - Give me your I-20
Me - Passes
VO- So what is your course 
Me- Master's in mechanical engineering and specialisation in material science
VO- What's your undergrad program
t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me- Mechanical engineering
Vo - What will you do after graduation
Me - After post grad ill plan accordingly and fetch a job in india...ill get an experience of about 5-6 years and then i have a plan to start my own startup as Im also having business background
VO- How are going to fund your education
Me- My father is my sponsor who has a savings of about xyz amount and annula income of our family is xyz amount
Vo interrupted
VO- What does your father do
Me- He is so and so in xyz company
VO- What is the work done their 
Me- Briefed about his works
VO - Okay..im approving your visa. Thank you
Me- Thank you officer,  have a nice day
@f1interviewreviews

8th June
kolkata
Slot time-10am
Status : APPROVED ✅

VO was an African American guy probably in his 30s
University : university of South Carolina
Physics PhD

VO : Good morning sir, how are you doing.
Me : thank u sir I am doing good, how are u doing.
VO : Pass me ur i20 and passport.
t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO : So which university are u going to?
Me: I will be pursuing the Physics PhD prog at the Univ of South Carolina.
VO: tell me about ur research.
Me : kept talking about the exp on which I will be working for a min then stopped.
VO: kept typing for a 30-40s. (No one of us spoke.)
VO: Pls tell me more about the research.
Me: gave a monologue of 2mins about the basics of my research.
VO: congratulations ur visa is approved.
Me: thank u sir.
@f1interviewreviews

9th June
Kolkata
Slot time-10.15 am
Status: APPROVED✅✔️
 
University - UMBC 
VO was a very jolly guy in his 30s, American

VO(smiles): Hello. Good Morning. How are you?
Me: Hello, good morning. I am doing great. Thank you. How are you?
Me: I'm doing good, thank you.
VO: Alright. Can you Pass me your passport, I20 and your Sevis receipt?
Me: sure (passed)
VO: Have you been to USA before?
Me: Yes, I have.
VO: Can I see your old passport?
Me: yes (passed it to him)
VO: Okay! On what Visa did you went there? And why?
@f1interviewreviews
Me: Answered
VO: (looked at my older passport) yep! That's alright. 
(Passed me my passport back)
VO: What does your father do?
Me: told him
VO: So you have all the assets to fund the education correct?
Me: Yes I do, I even have an approved loan of xx lakhs. (completely forgot about my scholarship)
VO: So you're going for Information Science?
Me: It is actually Human Centered Computing, Information Science is just a 
SEVIS nomenclature.
VO: What is HCC?
Me: Explained
VO: Why did you go for this university?
Me: I really liked the course they are offering and professors research. (explained him the research and what that research is about)
VO: Alright! I am approving your Visa. You'll get your passport in 3-5 business days. Travel safe. Good luck with your studies.
Me: Thank you very much!
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Kolkata Consulate 
Date: 9th June 2021 10:15am

APPROVED✅✔️
@f1interviewreviews

VO, a very jolly person in his early 30’s

VO: Good morning, how are you?
Me: Good morning sir, I am doing well, how are you?
VO: I am good as well. Pass me your i20 and passport
Me: yes sure sir
VO: Put your fingers of left hand on the scanner.
Me: yes sir.
VO: (Read my i20)So you are interested for data warehousing and modelling, right?
Me: yes sir, I have worked in this field and since my childhood, I love Mathematics very much and Data Science is kind of application of it.
VO: that’s good. (Asked me about the scholarship that was written on i20)
Me: explained about the scholarship
VO: How many other admits you have?
Me: Enlisted the number of admits that I had.
VO: Why you chose this particular university?
Me: Because of its structure of course and professors research work. (Explained about these points and how it will help me in India)
VO: what does your father do?
Me: Told about our business
VO: I am approving your visa, you will get your passport in 3-4 days. Have a safe travel.
Me: thank you very much sir, you really made my day!
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Kolkata Consulte
Date: 9 June 8 AM
Approved ✅

VO is a very very friendly person, he might be around 30 and American. 

VO: Good morning, how are you doing?
Me: Good morning sir, I am good. Thank you.
VO: Pass me your passport, i20 and SEVIS. 
Me: Sure sir
VO : looked at my i20, so you are going to University of South Florida?
Me: Yes sir
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO: Which course in Industrial Engineering?
Me: Explained him about the specialisation i am interested in
VO: Do you have any job experience?
Me: Explained him about my work
VO: How is this related to your work?
Me: Explained him about the course curriculum and the courses which are related to my work.
VO: How are you finding?
Me: Told him about my sponsors and loan 
VO: What does your sponsors do? 
Me: Told him about their work and annual income. 
VO: Which other universities have you applied to?
Me: Listed all other universities and the number of admits. 
VO: Industrial Engineering in all these?
Me: Yes sir
VO: How does this course benefit your job.
Me: Elaborated about the course work I am planning to take and how is it going to help me in improving my career in India. 
VO: Congratulations, your visa is approved, you can take your documents and you will be receiving your passport in 3-5 days. 
Me: Thank you sir, you made my day.
@f1interviewreviews

June 11
Kolkata (Regular Appointment)
Slot time-9:45
Entered- 8:30
Came out-8:50

Status: APPROVED ✅

VO:  American 30years old.
Univ - Syracuse University MSCS
f1interviewreviews

Me: Morning!
VO: Good Morning. Give me your passport and I20.
Me: Handed them over
VO: You have B1, asked about my previous travel.
Me: Answered as i was sponsored by my Employer.
VO: Why Syracuse ?
Me: Answered 
VO: What is your plan for financing?
Me: Told about my family savings.
VO: What does your Father do?
Me: My father is retired. Currently working in a private firm with his friend.
VO: Are you married?
Me: No.
VO: Congratulations your visa is approved. 🤘🏼
VO: Your passport will be ready in 3-5 days. Thank you.

VO: Travel safely.

Me: Thanked him and moved out.


Tip: Don’t be nervous just answer the first question confidently with an eye contact with the VO and rest will follow.

http://t.me/f1interviewreviews


My visa interview experience at Kolkata Consulate

Visa interview - 15th June (Emergency) 
Slot time: 9:30 AM 
Reached at 8:45 AM 
Out time:9:10 AM 
Consulate: Kolkata
Approved ✅

No wait, let in immediately after checking passport and DS-160. Then waited in line inside the waiting room for about 7 mins then allowed to go to interview room. Only 1 counter was active. 


VO white guy around 35-40. Pretty jolly and greeted everyone. 

VO: pass me your passport 
Gave
VO: pass me your i20
Gave
VO: place left hand on scanner for verification
VO: Have you been to the US before
Me: Never (he asked this to everyone in front of me and whoever said yes he asked what did you see where did you go) 
VO: so "Duke" 
Me: yeah
VO typing
VO: Which course? Is it the.. 
Me: Masters in Quantita.... Interrupted
VO: Business analytics is it? 
Me: yeah
VO: Why Duke? 
Me: answerd. He was typing and just looked at me once while I gave my answer
VO: how are you sponsoring (looked at my I20) is it a loan
Me: I mentioned the loan amount and that my dad is sponsoring me and we have liquid savings worth xx amount and fixed assets worth xx amount which is more than sufficient to support my Masters 
VO: Kept scrolling. What does your father do? 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Me: He is the.... At an automotive industry named.... 
VO: Scrolling.. Are you married?
Me: nope
VO: okay your visa is approved. You will be recieving your passport well before your date of travel. Here's your i20.
@f1interviewreviews

Chennai
VI - June 15, 8:30 AM (Regular)
OFC - June 11 at Kolkata

University of Texas Arlington, MS in Engineering Management

They allow you inside only 45 minutes before your appointment, it is not first come first serve basis. Also be ready to stand in line for a very long time.

Interview went for 3 minutes only. Went inside the consulate at 8:00AM and came out at 9:15AM

VO was very friendly and kind and gave good vibes to all the applicants.

VO : Pass your passport
..
VO : Which Visa you are applying for
Me: F1 Visa
VO: Pass your I20 and Sevis Fee receipt only
..
VO: Which University
Me: UTA
VI : What Course
Me: Masters in Engineering Management (She couldn't hear it and I repeated again)
VO: Other admits?
Me: Told
VO: Why this university
Me: I spoke about how the curriculum aligns with my area of interest and mentioned few subjects. Also told the rankings of the course and the university.
VO: How are you going to fund yourself
Me: I have a secured loan of 45 lakhs from Canara Bank and my mother has a savings of xx Lakhs
VO: When did you graduate
Me: 2018
VO: What were you doing since
Me: Explained (similar to what I mentioned in DS 160)
VO: What will you do after MS
Me: I will come back and take over my father's business
VO: Place your left hand... Your Visa is approved
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Kolkata
Biometric : June 16
VI: June 17 

* VAC (Biometric) *
Appointment time: 8:30 am
Went in at 8:30 am
Came out at 9:00am

Told me to wait as there was some system error but they let me in within 2 mins. At that time I was the only one there.

Once you enter, the security guard runs a metallic detector on you. Then you proceed forward.

There were 2 counters open. First counter there was a lady who asked for my passport and ds 160 , she was verifying my details. Then she sent me to the next counter. 

There was a man who asked me those same  documents. He told me read some policy which was written in front of the counter which stated that I would provide details which are true to the best of my abilities etc. He told me to read it in mind. After that he took my photo, and told me to place my left 4 fingers, right 4 fingers and my 2 thumbs on the fingerprint scanner.

This ends my VAC.
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

* Consular (VI) *
University: NEU, Boston
Status: Approved ✅

Appointment time: 8:30 am
Went in at around 8:50 am
Came out at 9:35am

It was drizzling continously in Kolkata for the past 3 days. I was there at 7:45 am but there were decent number of people waiting. We were made to wait outside and form a queue based on our appointment time. One by one we were let inside.

Once I entered inside, a security guard told me to put my folder in a basket for screening. I was told to pass through the metallic detector keeping my both hands up. Then a security lady checked my passport and ds 160. Then I was sent further inside.

Next, I was waiting in a room , where there was a lady , who checked my passport and ds 160. after checking she told me to carry my passport , i20 and sevis in hand. I had to wait there for a while before I was sent to the interview room.

When my turn finally came, I entered the interview hall. There were 2 counters open, one was a counter with a lady where she checked the same documents again and told me to proceed forward. 

There was only 1 counter open for VI. VO was a white dude with blond hair, beard and green eyes. 

VO: Good morning
Me: Good morning sir

VO: please pass me your passport and i20.
Me : Here they are 

VO: Please open your mask so that I can check you 
Me: Sure sir.

VO: place your right hand's 4 fingers on the scanner.
placed

VO: So you have been to Taiwan , any particular reason?
Me: I went to Taiwan for attending an international conference. I was one among the few students selected from my university.

VO: Oh that's great.
Me: Thank you Sir.

VO: Ok so you're going for Masters program in Artificial intelligence? Any specialization you're interested in?
Me: I'm interested in Natural language processing.

VO: Can you tell me some applications of NLP?
Me: Told about Sentiment analysis, Users emotion detection and Neural Machine Translation.

VO: Great, So why Northeastern?
Me: I was in search of an AI program, which had a unique blend of both mathematical and practical methodologies and Northeastern provides me with it. The university has decorated faculty such as Pavlu virgil, friefield clark and christopher amato who are great mathematicians and practitioners with their interesting research work in the field of AI. Moreover, Northeastern has the no. 1 Experiential learning program in US. So, this is the reason i've chose northeastern.

VO: So what does your father do?
Me: My father is a senior vp of sales and marketing coal division in Gandhar oil refinery. He has saved around Rs. 2 crores for my 2 years of education.

VO: Did you say oil refinery ?
Me: Yes sir, the company deals with import and export of both coal and oil.

VO: Wonderful, so are you married ?
Me: No sir, I'm single 

VO: I'm approving your visa, have a safe journey. you can collect your passport in 3-5 business days.
Me: Thank you so much.

The interview lasted for hardly a minute. Due to continuous downpour, all roads are flooded with water. Its really dirty outside the embassy. Just be confident, VO is very chill.
@f1interviewreviews

june 17th 
 8.40 Am
Kolkata
So, we waited around 40 mns outside the office.

Then given the formalities

Vo was a 30's guys. Super cool. Wishing every one before they wish him
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
Question 
Q.So ms in data modeling?
Ans. Sir, its ms in data science, data modeling is I20 nomenclature!!

Q. What will u do after Ms?
Ans. Sir, i will come back to india and join product based companies like, flipkart, amazon and i hav a prefered company Bosch banglore( heard the name in a random mail today)

Q. Why neu
Ans. Sir its has top notch Ds curriculum and its electives were preferred by indian companies (i was going to add but. He seems satisfied with this, so i stopped)

Q. How r u funding and whats ur parents do.
Ans. Told (Not mentioned about any numbers though)and yes he approved visa. But not giving any white slip, they were saying that we get info by mail
@f1interviewreviews

21 June 
Kolkata
Status : APPROVED ✅
Slot time :8.00
interview lasts for 20-30 secs

University of Cincinnati

two counters were opened 

VO:Good morning, plz show me ur passport barcode
Me:Good morning sir,Showed my passport barcode 
VO:Show me ur I20
Me:Here sir
VO:So cincinnati huh?
Me:Yes Sir
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews
VO:What specialization in computer and information sciences?
Me: Told about the data sciece specialization and also mentioned about professor.
VO:Ok, what us your father ?
Me:My father is a govt teacher and he has annual income of 11 lakhs.
VO : central or state government
ME : state government
VO : congratulations your visa is approved.
@f1interviewreviews


21 June 
Kolkata (EA- OFC, VI regular)
Status : APPROVED ✅
Slot time :8.30 am

University of Mississippi 
Ph.D 
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO was a young guy, Indian/African American origin
Two counters were open, I went to counter number 3.

VO: Good morning
Me: Good morning Sir 
VO: Please scan the four fingers of your left hand
Me: Did it
VO:Show me your i20 & passport 
Me: Passed it to him 
VO: So, why are you going for a second Master's degree? 
Me: No Sir, I'm going for a Ph.D program
VO: Oh, alright. Sorry..
Me: No problem  
VO: OK, so why University of Mississippi? 
Me:It is a R1 research University with the highest level of research activity. Also, I went through the list of faculties and their prior publications, their research interests aligned with mine. Hence I applied here. 
VO:Why a Ph.D in Management ?
Me: I have 4.5 years of relevant work experience in the H.R field and also, a masters degree from NYU in the same subject. Also, my research interests are...
VO: (cut me off) Alright, I am approving your visa.. 
Me: Thank you so much Sir. May I leave now?
VO: Yes
Me: When can I expect to receive my passport ?
VO: You can expect it in a week's time
Me: Alright, thank you again for your time. Have a good one
VO: You too 

My visa interview time was at 830 am. I arrived by 815. There was a huge line before me.. I waited there. Then the security guard asked me to step right ahead of the line due to my timeslot (rest had 845 or 9 am time slot). Before entering the building, the guard checked the ds160 and passport. Also, he carried a list of names with him. Once inside, the passport and current appointment page were checked again, barcode behind the passport was scanned. And we were asked to go to respective VI counters. I was out in 30 minutes time. It was a very smooth process. The location of my ds160 was Delhi, but the consulate was able to retrieve my information.
@f1interviewreviews



Kolkata

21st june
Approved
4th attempt(3 attempts for spring 2021 with UNT)
Univ:UT Arlington. MSIS fall 2021
Appointment:10:30 but completed by 10:20


By the time i reached there some nearly 20 members are waiting.

While waiting I've asked max people coming from the consulate all are approved but after my has been completed I've listened to next counter he got rejected.
Max approvals only here.

Actually there are only 2 counters working.some said 5 is easy some said 6th i got in 5tg counter.

After entering into consulate they will check passport and ds160 at some waiting area and then interview office.

Vo: good morning
Me:good morning sir,

He asked i20 and passport and scanned it!
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

Then after reading i20 
Vo: why this course?
Me:i started with- i want to specialize with cloud computing and database management and continued......

VO:how this course will help u in future:
Told

Vo:how does that job linked to IS
Told

Vo:how are you funding?
Me:my parents are having a savings of   xx lakhs.

What do they do:
They are in construction business they develop residential buildings.

Then comes the real wait time

Typing..... For 2-3 mins

By passing my i20.
Then golden words I'm approving ur visa.

Have a nice day
Same i replied.

Kolkata approval percentage is 8/10 as of today.
@f1interviewreviews


21st June
Location: KOLKATA
Slot: 9:15 AM
In-time: 9:15 AM
Out-time: 9:45 AM

Status: Approved ✅

University: UMKC
http://t.me/f1interviewreviews

VO was an Asian American male 30+

VO: Good morning! How’re you doing today ?
Me: Good morning sir. I’m doing great. How are you doing sir. 

VO: Great!!  Place your left hand fingers on your scanner. 
Me: placed

VO: Please pass me your I-20 and passport.
Me: passed 

VO: Is there any specialisation that you’re choosing in computer science ? 
Me; yes sir, Data Science (told something on data science)

VO: What are your parents ?
Me: Told

VO: Alright, your visa is approved.
Me: Thank you! Sir have a good day 

VO: thank you


